This man dedicates hours and hours to you and
hours of live shows are not always working
pimp for life Yes but I mean you
dedicate hours and hours of content and you
has here in front of you to face you and
to expose you he calls your horse
girlfriend and
pira, pira, pira, pira, pira,
he goes away he goes away he goes away
seaaa se se se pira se pira se
pyre itself
go away go away go away is one of
the measures that must be taken
take you are very stupid man I mean I'm leaving now
to put your level because I'm getting
getting a little desperate You're a real fool, man
016 is a number that advises you and does not
take action or simply have
an aunt from Mexico an aunt from Mexico
that that
He is fighting with his YouTuber because
has not given him his place after he
has spent
4 couples or
couple then show losil that advisor
psychologically it is a number of
phone how are you going to teach me some
[Music]
mail you can show some emails from a
phone number uncle you are not
lawyer lawyer that you are not a lawyer that
you are not a lawyer that you are not er you are not
lawyer you are not lawyer you are not
er you are not a lawyer that you are not a lawyer
You're really stupid, dude. Do you think so?
it seems ethical morally it seems to you
educated or falls within the Code
deontological of the lawyers you call
horse to the bride we are seeing it in
screen and it is literally a channel
thematic decel right now I'm going for Hace
5 months and you're still talking about this
Nothing happens. Let's see.
there I am a channel I am a channel of
video games that talk about salt like you talk
spoke
all let's see don't deny it to me and Ah now I
it
Justif don't deny it to me now
I justified it, don't deny it to me. Ah, I
justify don't deny it to me don't deny it to me
Deny it, don't deny it to me. Ah, justify it to me.
noes jus now I justify it I don't justify it
deny it, don't deny it to me that you are not
lawyer you are not
lawyer you are not lawyer you are not
Lawyer, don't deny it to me now.
justify that you are not a lawyer that you are not
are
lawyer you are a real fool, you are a fool
you're a very stupid guy you're a very stupid guy
very stupid
Uncle, you are not a lawyer, you are not
lawyer
that you are not a lawyer that you are not
lawyer you are not lawyer you are not
Lawyer, don't deny it to me now.
justify that you are not a lawyer that you are not
are
Lawyer, you're a real fool, man. But you think
that you're looking good somehow
or that you are damaging the image
of him somehow messing with you
bald okay okay okay er let's spend the
last question is valid
Please don't interrupt me, you call me
pet Forgive me again I'll do it for you
to say it is spoken er and in
you are you are you are you are you are you are
are
you are you are you are
you are please don't interrupt me you me
call Forgive me again I'll go to you
say another
you see me
please call you are you are
Ju
[Music]
you are you are
F you are
F you are F you are F you are F you are F d you are Fer
you are Fer you are Fer you are Fer you are Fer you are
Fer you are Fer you are F you are Fer you are Fer
you are Fer you are Fer you are to be you are to be Fer
you are Fer you are
Fer you are Fer you are ferta you are fi you are fii
you are F you are fi you are fi you are Fi
you are you are you are you are you are you are
you are you are you are you are Fer you are Fer
you are Fer you are Fer you are F you are Fer you are
Fer you are Fer you are you are you are you are
you are you are you are you are you are you are
you're a real fool, man
are
you are you are
[Music]
er er er you are
Being brutal seems like a fantasy to me.
Subscribe everyone to Majo, hey look
I'm subscribing right now with all my
channels subscribe everyone to
Majo seems to me a fantasy that from
From now on, let's have a lot of fun
See you, Grandpa. What news will you bring us today?
many of which are in the title and if
gives me more time and if it gives me more time
okay what I was telling you it seems to me
a fantasy that we are now going to have
here our own songs
Javi Channel's personalized judges
Javi you are a judge Javi Javi Javi you are a judge
jav er is a judge Because we are all
judges we are all judges of our own
life of some
way it seems to me an incredible advance
life seems like a blessing to me
Incredible, I'm not going to entertain myself much longer.
because I want to cover all the topics
Okay, and nothing before I start I'm going to
start with the first topic I'm going to
begin
by voice Escalona okay I'm going to start
by Escalona's voice First of all, good
tell you all that thank you very much
Thank you very much to those who come from
telesalseo we had a live show
brutal okay There it is
You have a peak of 6,500 viewers
Well I don't know what time this would be.
Black Thank you very much I don't know what time
It would be this but well we have been we have been
been the most watched gossip channel
I'm not going to say about YouTube or Twitch but
very good very good very good the truth is
I can't complain, very good, very good
Very well, you're going to start with dessert.
First No, it's not the dessert, it's not the
dessert my goodness la la
Gentlemen, it's coming, yes, yes, I'll tell you.
They have to confirm on Tuesday but yes
On Tuesday they will confirm it to me, boom tip tip Ah
It is true the
9:40 Ah well 9:40 was about to happen
true it says above 9:40 9:40
was about to cut because Jos Manuel
had to go if we
We stayed until 10 like 10 10:10 yes
We stayed until 10:10, eh
we break eh we break and we reach 7 8000
But well it's okay it's okay family
We are not greedy nor do we want to give
Disgust is worth what we do want to comment on
Today is a video that Borja has uploaded
Escalona in which he is going to talk about whether he has
been in prison these days or not I have
recorded a video on the main channel
that you will have it tomorrow where I speak
more on the subject is worth it and I also speak about a
lots of
legal problems that Borja has had
Escalona is worth saying almost by himself
I have told almost everyone everything by
he eh let's see let's see the video
see the point is that it basically came out
a man on Twitch on Twitter not on
tiktok saying that from the manager
Borja Escalona was finding out
that Borja was in the dungeons is okay
which is something that does not surprise us
seeing a little the attitude and the and the
roll that this kid has I mean if you
You go like this, if you go like this through life, then
evidently they will leave you they will leave you
accumulating problems is not in fact that
That's what I'm telling you, that is, between fines
sentences that are not served are gone
accumulating things they accumulate and
Problems are problems What
need Not when you can live
calm down no then Borja at first
moment in the first instance it was done
like the crazy guy from the song When I Lived I Saw did
a direct implying that this
Boy, what I had done was a lie, eh?
I had done it by Searching for followers and
attention But now it seems that he has done
a live talk in more depth
of the subject and that is what we are going to see okay
Javi family you are a judge Javi you are a judge Yes
If I were a judge, I would set Bor free.
Escalona Javi you are a good judge, I don't know.
It depends, it gives me a little bit of a problem, man, it gives me a lot of
little thing, everything that is humiliated is this
Man, let's see. This man is the one.
typical the typical ordinary person
the street on any side is fine No no
I no longer speak of money, classes or
nothing No but anyone who sees
people making money and living off
internet and says this, this, I'm the one who messes it up
I mess it up and I can also mess it up and
I can also not And then no no no
not everyone
not everyone gets it
These are things that happen years and years and years and years.
worth of year and luck of charisma and that
Borja Escalona made a video go viral which
has done has been to upload his image to
not being able to work anywhere
It is the only use that fame has
from borra Escalona that tomorrow
want to work somewhere
bar assistant in a bar facing the public
He says he has a degree in psychology
Taken out eh anyone Anyone
anyone goes, anyone goes who looks at you
You're not going to Escalona. So it's just a matter of
logic and I'm not saying this because I lack the
I respect
Okay, but that's what you thought, dude.
He was going to be famous and he's with the channels
Those who cannot have channels are closed.
and walks around all day with the name of the
new channel down here put everything
big and still I think it hasn't arrived yet
not even at 10,000
see just just reached 10000
10500 10500 subscribers
after 17 million visits that are
Ricky Edy has done talking about the topic
after it has come out in all the
10,000 televisions
subscribers will you forgive me my
Good appearance but if we are going to see
but if it is that sinas Leo if it is that he
showed in the live that he is me
answering he shows the capture of
screen of what he literally charges
is charging 300 a month if he is paid
saw on the screen
leaked Javi you are judge Javi Javi Javi
are
judge
Oh yeah
I understand, I understand, Aiden, I understand, and
this would be
Aiden here, that is, this part is dangerous
family you see this part of me
It's warning me to skip it. Well
This part you see this part that is the
how to read instead of downloading
things well do not download the image
and put it on screen and then do it
zoom and others are reading it from the
WhatsApp okay And if you see below I don't know if
You are going to see it because you
You are going to have it much smaller but
If you look below, they look like squares
Okay, if I get in right now
Aiden's conversation, Aiden sends me
a photo I see That photo but below me
the little squares with other images come out
that we have sent not what it is
It turns out that Borja Escalona
with this
person no no no no no no Wait
Wait, damn it. What a shame I can't.
Display this on screen
Aiden Let's see Aiden, do you think that we
They ban it doesn't look very good either, it looks very good
little one, let's see if we can see a little one there
oco Yes yes you can see some patras there
open Let's see it's great this is it
very good, I'm going to describe it, okay
Imagine the following, it's worth imagining
it
next here
You have my WhatsApp window here.
You have my WhatsApp window here
above you see the name Vale
Aiden
and below you can see the little squares of others
images that you have been sending me or I
a  aiden vale This last one is the one that is not
I can open it because this last one is the one that
Aiden shows me what's going on
So of course what's the deal?
The move is that he is opening a
image directly in eh in a WhatsApp
from someone
Okay, it turns out that he is in the
images below are valid in the
images that are seen below, then removing
This last image is that of Ricky
Because it looks like he's reading the thread.
Twitter of
Ricky, the images that appear at the
side because they are all
They are all porn, they are worth a penny.
a little ass in
pump some legs open by
Here you can see a perspective of a
girl, a photo like this, let's see
Imagine this photo of me, imagine it.
this photo of me
[Laughs]
a bare chest is worth it and then
Well, you say, well, that's it, then it is.
is playing porn all day with the
friends no and between porn and porn well
They have passed the Ricky Eddie thread
No, what's the surprise if we leave?
to the corner above where you are
have you seen the name of
Aiden Well we see the name of
the person with whom you are in charge
porn Borja Escalona and phone
x Borja Escalona passes the porn of a
mobile to the other, that is, it is seen that it has two
mobile phones and from one mobile phone to another the
porn
Yes yes let's see yes yes life each one each
one host host Wait I think that the
I just took a [ __ ]
eh I think I just screwed up eh a
moment we are going to forgive
my attitude I'm a little tired Me
I just took a shower and tried
put something in the winner because
evidently they haven't It's not that I
have treated very well wherever I have
state and everyone knows my
problems with the Spanish justice system and
well with the police with the bodies of
State security nor that I LL
very well apart from that I think they drew
who had to stop me
and to start with there is something that no no
I managed to conceive because no one knew
Nobody knew anything about the only person who
I was able to contact Cristina, my partner.
to call the lawyer who for
true, it's of no use, but I don't know
How do you not ask me How why not
I have no idea. This gentleman finds out about
absolutely everything that happens to the gentleman
Ricardo
editions
you guys, let's see, outside the fun is out
I'm joking around, you see it's normal that I
take 10 minutes of
extract
explaining everything
previous and now I take it and leave it I ask
Uh, like that.
any way like that any way
You see it's normal that I wear 10
minutes
explaining the
image and now take it and it
put normal very normal is not true with
the dog gave and when he left the park
where I took him is a park
Arganda that the dog likes a lot
It brings him good memories because it is where
We have passed almost half of the
confinement we were never in
confined at least in illo to which
I leave Arganda and take the road to
Valencia and there was a small hold-up
because there was, I think, a car
overturned on one side of the curb, that is
sorry about the road, well it turns out that
Some kids stand next to me and
Borja Calona begins Borja Calona sa
with his hand he carries it across the roof
convertible and I greet him and they start to
say Ricky has humiliated you Ricky has humiliated you
humiliated and accelerate do not accelerate with the
bad luck that it obviously seemed
that the retention 100 had ended
Met later we did not stop again
So now you have Minds and at my height
I say what guys everything is fine and now I know
They were silent, what kids, everything is fine, good one
greeting then one of them starts to
say roll down the back window and start
talking nonsense is starting to be lacking
respect and I said you're getting hot and
This isn't going to end well then, huh?
suddenly it falls on me like a cork from a
Aquarius or something like that makes me feel like
window at that time as it was
retention I get out of the car and start to
go after them they start to
accelerate and like to get out like that through the por
the right by the by the What is it called
the thing that is between the quit fears and
the road well they start like
trying to get out not like trying
overtake the other I saw a traffic jam
So, okay, Eh, I get down to his level and
I start knocking on the window
the window from which they had opened that
He was disrespecting me and threw me away
the plug does not And then the
copilot with a katana then eh Yo
I stepped back, I took two steps back, I got out of the way
The guy put the shirt on me
He threw two throws and I put my arm in
I stopped and with the other hand I took the katana
I pulled it and got a wound on my
hand as you can see made a
Well, made a fantasy, no, that's it.
dreamed something not practically me
sectioned sectioned hand slabs
Here you can see it, nice and good.
I turned that same katana around and it was
I dug into the wheels at that moment I saw
that the back door opened
right Then I took the car by
behind it
I lifted that's not him, Tesa is looking at me
sending some comments in the
Diego Arrabal de Bor Escalona's chat
But that's not him, that's someone who isn't
He has life, I hit him several times and he
was opening the door and fell down
right side then eh I jumped on
he put his knee on her neck and while
One of them kicked me in the face
of course I headbutted him and
I broke my tibia at that moment I didn't
I remembered he was defending me from the blow
from above and I didn't remember that the kid
I had a fondness for him with my
knees Eh well apparently I deprived him
I deprived him of oxygen for too long and
The kid didn't wake up, he didn't wake up.
He didn't wake up so we had to
call the ambulance with the bad
Luckily the kid is in a coma today.
sirens it was clear it was a traffic jam no
It took a long time for the police to bring it
made a fantasy that pisses you off, eh, I mean
that has moved the car that has lifted
the mobile that has lifted the car like this
civil specifically I think they were from
Ribas, the Civil Guard appeared and well
They automatically kicked me out with batons
boasting and laughing It didn't take long for them to
stop me and take me to the
dungeons the dungeons has passed two
I haven't had quite unpleasant days
I have not been given any food
blanket they haven't taken my bracelets
Although they polished them from the front
Thank you very much, they haven't taken my
bracelets on all these
days have left me they have humiliated me today
Finally at 9 in the morning they have me
taken to the Plaza's dungeons
Castile around 12 noon
At noon they brought me up before the presence
From the judge, we've been waiting to see.
how this kid evolved, the one who
He's in a coma, thank God he's out.
of danger last night at 4 in the morning
woke up from lying He's not lying
lying that he didn't remember anything
but hey, at least it's good news
more than anything because I'm not going to get better like that
have to eat homicide well eh me
They have brought before the judge the first thing
What did Borja Escalona tell me?
I really wanted to see you and I said
Contrary to what I felt that I did not
I had no desire to meet the lady
Well, I was talking to my lawyer.
Every day Geral gave me a lot
Thank you, it was best to accept the charges.
There were many videos and there were many
tests of everything and it shows who I am
He who goes by his car does not drive anywhere
moment that they throw anything at me or that they throw anything at me
provoke
and well we have achieved I have accepted the
charges and we have managed to reduce the
condemns a third now they ask me for 6
years for attempted murder
and on October 4th I have to
present in the prison that I
I wish I was going to be in preventive detention, I don't know.
how long but for now I'm going to
be in preventive until good
Until the trial comes out and
and we'll see what happens the good part is
I'm glad the kid has woken up.
The bad part is what is going to happen to you
From now on, in principle, I will not
cheat this I hope it stays between
we in petic committee but what I'm going
I'm not going to jail to catch a flight
I'm going to take a flight to Miami and I've been
My lawyer said that this is not yet the case.
costs as background because it is not
We only have a trial in the making
the first instruction then of
I can talk now so I'm going to go
to Miami until he is a kid
case it expires forgive me that I am very
nervous apart I am In the absence of
rest I just want to ask forgiveness to the
family has the other times it is true that
They provoked me but I shouldn't have
I have to fall for these provocations
This has transpired, I am already doing this enough
more serious if it had been a minute
more on top of that boy Quiz doesn't
there would be
counted well I thank Ricky Le
I am very grateful to Ricky that we have to
have had the difference not of not of
continue not to continue with this because
actually see Ricky has quite a lot
blame for all this because whoever has
seen the videos the other day Ricky me
makes little cuties and that will be the new one
Marvel movie what it says Yes yes
The Incredible Hulk, I remember the name
Now forgive me, Rick is pouting at me.
and Ricky and YouTube Kids those two videos
In those videos Ricky humiliates me
most terrible and brutal way and I was
I was totally in a very bad mood
alienated was not decisions
indirectly it is because of Ricky that
He's giving me a superb beating and his
12 year olds keep asking me
bullying in all lad so since it is
the reason why I am going to end up deprived
of
freedom to continue with this siege and this
action
public
Sorry Thank you very much wig for that
Prime Thank you very much for that Prime friend
a 10 minute boat is already with you
you have eaten these 10 minutes is already me
Enough now I'm going to tell the truth
of the truth because Mr. Ricky edited
upload this shitty tweet that looks like
It's all. That is, you haven't used rigor.
never in any of the information
every but that you eat this uncle that
It's also ridiculous because you don't ask
a little and you look for the truth before
inform people on an account that
you have a million followers, dude
is that you are making a big fool of yourself
Thank you Adriana for those nine months as
I have told you in those two videos
Specifically, this gentleman was sunk by his
12 year old boy still considers him as
The Messiah to him but in reality you are the
12-year-old flutist from Meln
you have a problem with the children and you already
I said it but Ricardo also knows that he
has a problem with that children thing
because he has too much contact with
children in any active way
active passive I don't care about the
way this gentleman has
too much contact with children and that of
react to YouTube videos
Kids be careful, uncle, take care of the sick person
When you are an adult it is sick, okay?
Look at it from any angle and this is it.
an appreciation of mine Now Ricky has
several problems one on one hand that
They have filed a complaint against him
the company nickname on one side and Diego
Moreno by another as a personal accusation
and as a company, well, I already said that I'm going
to take out because they are going to make me arrive
Diego, who is my manager, is going to make me
arrive at the complaint itself which they have
complained about Ricky edit who what
the people of the
company nickname on one side and Diego
Moreno by another nickname and Diego Moreno
as a personal accusation and as a company
Well, I already said that I'm going to take this out because
They are going to send me Diego, who is my
manager is going to send me Ah the
manager Borja Escalona's manager is going
to file a complaint
a a Ricky edy eh the complaint itself
complaint is valid for the original complaint
Of course I'm not going to give the data but I'm going
to read the complaint as is, well that's it
one side and on the other side Mr. Ricky
Editions will not play with me anymore
I'm not going to play with him anymore. Okay, no.
be that you want to keep playing because
for me this is the best, I mean these
numbers no I have never had them
Ricardo and your puppies are coming to
hate me but to hate me they come to me
channel and they swallow all the videos
because I have not had these numbers
never What numbers are you
having or rather because that is what I told you
I was a few days ago, eh, I mean, here it is
the whole world eating based on you
Escalona is making money all the time
world except him
whatever he's doing is sinking
sink his
image 13000
10,000
14,000
[Music]
13,000 or so These are 12,000 16,000 14
These are the numbers that have not been had
never in his life Wow Congratulations uncle me
I'm glad I'm glad of your success in the end
They like it, they treat everyone, believe me
because I have comments from you on all of them
the videos the interaction that they are giving me
giving away your puppies is an outrage
There is a kid who has posted 111 times
stalker in the comments of a channel
My child, the only thing you're doing is
that interactions on YouTube are
such that I am well recommended Oh
careful
Hey, be careful, with 100 comments, Maria.
Thank you very much Maria Ignacia for that
Prime 18 months is an outrage, I tell you.
I am very grateful to you, Ricardo editions the
work is already my best minion, my best
puppy and you are the one who has done the most
worked and I congratulate you But
why don't you tell people that in
those two videos Ricky edits makes me
pucheritos and Ricky editions and YouTube
Kids, those two videos have screwed you.
They have sunk you hard and apart from that you
I answer everything, I destroy you and good for
any apart is that in those two
videos you were already making bounce bounce
that in your exploded ass I mean now
You were ridiculous, Ricardo, I say it.
several times in the video but it's already
you were fuf very low very low very low
content response and
argumentation you were terribly low
and it was already getting boring But why
you don't tell people the truth
Ricardo, I received it in my email.
These two little things are worth Mr. Ricardo
He doesn't want to do it directly with me
Okay, what does it say, but Ricky said that
He was the one who did not accept the direct
We already told you this, both of us don't want to
do live with me because live
another rooster crows true well then this
This is what happened that another person live
Let's see Borja, you don't want to do live.
with no one I don't even know how many times
we have invited you to come here and
when you come, it will be over
of the Boom when you have passed the
virality It's good that it's already happening
finishing but we won't call you here anymore
I received it in my email
these two you will see you will see the mail I will tell you
I'm seeing it coming, it's a cl moment no
I know how to open this
I can see it coming
mail
this a
moment the email is going to be opened or
No
Miss Evel has brought her toxicity
welcome back
puppy wait I don't know where I am
sent me I know that he sent it to me but yes
Well let's see if he is able to open the
mail well here to
See what you see here, I'm going to put it for you.
In large as you can see this is a
claim by Ricky edit and his
work team to my video Ricky edit
and YouTube Kids has sent me the notice
YouTube that's the video that I have for you
said but wait because he has also
arrived
This is a surprise, Ricky edits me.
pouting will be a coincidence that it is in the
video in which I give the answer
both in statistics and numbers
as in everything I argue and about
everything in which I leave him bad because he
I just said, or rather, I just explained to him
that in that video when I bend down
What I do is throw away the tangerine that was
all equipped for the response of
that guy to do what I did and to
that it happened as it happened and that everyone
returned to work to give them
pearls to work with and worth it
what to hold on to well is
exactly what happened in what case
quality that the moment I give it the
back to the situation and I say that now
Ricky is very short of arguments and
that apart from the empanada, no
I had nothing more to say and I buried it
in arguments and in evidence because I
I put in my statistics and showed him what
age such such such I teach him that of
YouTube clarified that children of 11
years the accounts are set From 14
so that YouTube doesn't send them
directly to YouTube Kids What
coincidence that in the videos that you
clearly humiliated and left him without
argument has claimed them from me
Gosh, he thinks he's writing it, Poor Borja.
Tomorrow Well I'm going to tell my
editor who puts your name here
biggest channel uncle because it makes me feel sorry
that you barely reach 10,000 after
that Ricky has made 17 million
visits and everyone has done it
millions of visits to your thing and you don't
Okay, I'm going to tell my editor that you
put your channel name here but
bigger because you give me the creeps, right?
Borja believes that Ricky Edie has
claimed the videos because he
humiliates in those two videos no What
It's a coincidence that those two videos have made me
claimed well we have seen that the
little job not of opening the email, eh girl
He still doesn't know how to open emails yet
eh That's why when the times come
notifications Well maybe you haven't
thrown account neither no but son
Read it read it look
Hey, this is not a strike.
copyright this is not a trke of
copyright claim does not affect the
state of your
tell your
video continues
visible And you
you will say king of
gossip So what does that email mean?
that email that is surely in a way
automatic by youlet no content ID that
His name is No and I will tell you your father
has here the
audio the audio with the answer to
your questions
close since Borja started uploading the
chapters of Ricky my puppy he doesn't
He knows because he doesn't know how to look at the dashboard.
Face control
and to copyright requests eh but
I do and the person who manages it
channel is not aware of your email
your email linked to the Channel but from
the day the series started to upload
I'm monetizing Ricky my puppy
your videos Yes all the economic income
that has been able to do that since because
had a legal coverage in fact
I continue
your copyright has been breached
puppy has jumped to see you
copyright skipped okay this is like
when a copyright strikes me, that is
If I put one here right now
David's song
bval surely half an hour after
finish the live stream and the message pops up
copyright that does not mean that visval
I claimed the video because I had it
humiliated That means that the
Visval's record label takes all the
money from this
straight
Basically as we were saying ago
some
minutes no no
only everyone is winning
money with you and your humiliations
not only you but also for 10,000
disgusting visits you were having
in Co Ricky was taking them
Edi you have spent all the afternoons that
you have missed watching Ricky's videos
Eddie in
bucket
d Give me a hug
Come give me a hug Borja Sit down
here with Dad
Come sit here with
father mother of love
beautiful
[Laughs]
mother of love
Beautiful something has happened has happened
Something curious happened today.
today the truth
eh I wouldn't know how to describe this is worth it
I simply take responsibility for giving you
the information not of what you
you believe that each one is worth it based on the
credibility that each streamer has and
each
anything that draws its conclusions is worth it
nauter has uploaded a video that is really
It has been good for me for the video that
I was preparing so I'm going to
use the nauter video basically
to talk about the topic of the topic that was going to
speaking in this tro in this video was
because wismichu had uploaded today a
tweet in reference to his
background or no background and then
he deleted the tweet
Okay, the tweet is here, you see it, okay, it was in
reply to the t that he dedicated to us
another day or we don't know who from channels
of the gossip
the defamation and gossip channels are worth it
There is someone who tells him but you don't
You have a history of opening the door
head to a turkey with a bottle by
supposedly being right-wing what are you talking about
of not having scruples with your
convictions memeo no and this tweet that
You see down here that Wismichu has
It turns out that here our
Dear Genesis, Sorry, It turns out to be
that here our dear Genesis
had captured before Win michu
delete it okay we have the fingers more
fast of the or This is worth it No, I don't even have them
I haven't even had a [ __ ] hug from them
Okay, this tweet is Win michu.
Hey
denies having had a criminal record. So
neither has it nor has it had them but then
Delete the tweet okay I don't know why you deleted it
because if you have one thing clear in your
life and that I see here in this tweet or
be in this tweet would not be would not be
insulting to see would be insulting the
such a flame but he is not defaming
Nobody is up for the insult either
because Win michu writes all the time
twi Calling the [ __ ] people and
things like that chanay Many
Thanks for that Prime heart a kiss
huge is not the first time that Win
michu
denies having had
Background We have already seen it in several
occasions on Twitter
deny it then I also think I don't know
but here I remember this moment
when he fought with
Yaris feito what you just did is
most dangerous alleged queer in a video
okay Okay, touch the mouth, eh, to the mouth
and also he becomes serious and shuts up
mouth eh shut your mouth I don't know why
It affects you so much to see the fact that you
has had or has not had
background is as irrelevant between
quotes and now I'm going to explain to you
Why? Because it is the same, or between
quotes in quotes The only one who
it would affect himself and the rest of the
people in the internet audience
It is exactly the same if you have had
background If it was 6 months If it was
a year if it was a
fine and Luigi many thanks to the rest of
people on the internet don't care and
why does it matter to him because there is a
Win Michu's video apart from the complaint
that the other party published it and so on
But there is a video of Win michu where he
admits to having hit him with a bottle
a
Sir
So if you have already recognized the
done what do I care about the sentence you are given
have put or that has not been put on you
position according to what he said according to what he said
alleged brother of the victim in a
video with Dallas was an agreement that
they made it so that if they had not reached a
agreement would have been more would have been
I don't know less than that
same but it's as if it's as if the
fact is the same or you could
having kicked someone and that
be someone does not report you Then I
I think the issue of background and
why it hurts so much that's why he puts
This face is because he
eh ago
collaborations with Disney companies by
the style that I think those are
collaborations I believe eh I believe that
These collaborations come out because he
is one of the founders of
youlet Because right now he doesn't have no
is in a position to collaborate with Disney no
that p The alleged in a video of passing not
I have a background check it I have not
had a history you can check it A
see can't check it Wi michu or so
the background when a
person has them and when they expire no
because the background that I know
They expire after the sentence is served.
Okay, imagine the sentence if there is one.
6-month sentence because it would be the 6
months and from 6 months two years
that is, in two years and six months
if the sentence were for six months, which is not
I remember it would have prescribed. Then you
You go and delete it, you go and delete it, who?
You can check it if Also that is a
your private thing I don't know if I can
go and ask for someone else's background check
person I don't know what authorization I have
to do that because it says you can't
check it but anyway even though
you have authorization to check it if
He has deleted them and they no longer appear.
you understand by default what you just said
doing is more dangerous than putting
alleged in a video
eh In this case it is that the kid Mira
start in this case The kid who with
the darizard I was with
arguing about why bu michu doesn't
complaint because it's very simple because Win
Michu was making a video
calling him a scammer apart from others
insults in that video So if now
the other answers you have
background because they make it courage
defending it, they do it, encourage it, and
These win michu with I don't know very well why
This is how he got away with the complaint
what did Dallas put on him in the penalty shootout? Okay, huh?
that on one hand that on one side and then
out fit is that the kid is
telling the background that you have
I may have a YouTube background
Hey, I have many here.
background on the issue of strikes
that is, background does not have to be
criminal record I can tell you
to his brother who already has many
background with putting that thumbnail and
that they put a restriction on Dad or the video
In yellow and the sum I refer to the
background because you already have many
years of experience and have passed you by
several times that they show you the video
in Yellow for that miniature or rather it is
that background does not have to be
penalties that on one hand not then the
whether he has the background or not
Well, I think it will be something that will never happen.
We will know, because well, never
We will know, each of us can imagine
We can either believe it or not believe it.
people depending on their belief
the third indication that wismichu
may have a criminal record
when we compare this complaint that you
they put for the bottle with the
complaint filed by lvaro Ojeda
lvaro Ojeda's complaint reaches him
wismichu in September 2016 and in
February 2017 just 5 months later
that they filed that complaint against him, Wismichu
uploaded This video I have been reported by
I have been the [ __ ] king of brothers-in-law
denounced the [ __ ] brothers-in-law lvaro
Ojeda but calm is worth calm because the
trial has already been held and I have won
Obviously okay, the key is here, that is
5 months after he was put in
The complaint uploads a video saying that
the trial has already taken place and that it has
won the complaint for the bottle throwing
They put it on as you can see in the
certificate that I left you in the
description on September 29
2017 is January 2020 and still not
We know nothing about whether it has been celebrated
judgment of whether how it turned out in the end
They withdrew the complaint for absolutely nothing
and you know that silence gives a
once analyzed this series
but it doesn't matter, let's see, it's that the
background it doesn't matter to see it doesn't matter No
the only one who [ __ ] him
background is worth the background
influence the fact that of that of of
to what has come to you in the sentence or
let's go to
to see in a conviction in a trial a
a claim or complaint from someone against
another someone because you might get to a
agreement but the fact remains the same
same or imagine me imagine that
I denounce Nauter because Nauter me
call pedophile okay And now they condemn
nauter
to pay me 5000 okay And now then
The kid also calls me a pedophile but
The chur asks me for an agreement and I say
Well then, okay, don't pay any money.
Just pay me the lawyer and ask me
Sorry in a video point the two have
committed the same thing simply as the
the result is different, do you understand me?
So people doubt why because
There are tweets like this, there are tweets like this
I have not been able to do anything like this one from Wismichu.
vote because I have a criminal record
penalties and this is a role that to me
It makes me laugh a lot because those of the
from Win Michu's side, not to call it that
somehow No because I don't I don't
I like the topic of sides no. I mean here I am
I like to be objective, but people who
defends Win michu and the one who is next to him
Win michu's side says it's not that this
paper that Dallas teaches this paper
that Dallas teaches is not worth it because this
It is not a sentence, this is a paper
your lawyer let's see
eh a paper from your lawyer Yes but a
paper that your lawyer has presented no O
be the lawyer of Dallas in one of
the writings that he was crossing paths with
with the judges and with Win's lawyer
Michu when they had the criminal conflict
that the Dallas lawyer made this up
the accusation is directed against Ismael
adult condemns and such convicted
criminally on November 14,
2018 which also the date would coincide
could coincide with the topic of the
bottle the topic of the bottle was in
he
2017 ponte That between that there is judgment and
between there being a conviction and so on, yes
It may well be valid in court
of the number two criminal court in Corua is
that on top of that he is telling you even the
judged the events occurred in the
Corua to 6 months in prison for a
crime of injury, no antecedent
computable for the purpose of recidivism What
This means that it is not computable O
whether Wismichu had been condemned
in the trial against
Dallas already Dallas' own lawyer you
He is saying that it is not computable, that is to say
for the sentences to be added together they have
that being crimes of the same thing I understand
Okay then I don't understand why
According to Win Michu, the Dallas lawyer and
Dallas would be making this up and the
defense they have is not that that
Paper is not a sentence, that is a paper
of the lawyer Well now but a role of the
lawyer a paper that the lawyer
written not a paper that the lawyer has
written will have been submitted to the
judged not because being in a
criminal conflict because what appears
have the other party criminally
you understand then clearly here la la la
Win michu's version is that he never
has them
had and here would be the here would be the
version of these people not wismichu that
then I was sitting in the living room
He grabbed a beer bottle and hit him
three times to the head of the complainant
according to the complaint filed with the
National Police friends told him
What are you doing while he was hitting me?
comrade already with an open mind
One of the tenants of the apartment states
before leaving he spat on him and left
running like a coward continues
young man, this is what I think
This, I think, is news that
They took out at that time not what they did not
There was news, what there wasn't is never worth it
news never in the media
communication was of the conviction if it is that
there was a conviction or if there was an agreement because I
I'm sure that if Win michu had
that cattle, how is he going to win a trial?
That is to say, I personally have doubts that
I have to put some doubt because for
supposed to see I understand that here the
lawyer of
Dallas isn't going to pull that out of its sleeve and
Dallas is going to [ __ ] in a video, [ __ ] is going to
pull this paper out of your sleeve It's just that I don't
I understand. I mean, the truth is, I don't understand it.
But the doubt we may have is what
They condemned him, what agreement did they reach?
is what happened why because we have a
video of Win michu saying that he was
It's true that he had hit a bottle to
a guy So I don't understand Win
michu all the time
anger and wanting to deny whether it has happened or
It hasn't happened. Okay, so it could be.
that first they sentenced him to 6 months and
then reach an agreement and it is
They will remove I don't know if that is possible No
I know if it is that I don't know if that is
possible I don't know if it is possible that in the
moment that in the Dalas criminal case and
Win michu the background will be checked
I had it or I didn't have it and then I didn't have it
I don't know the truth, but it seems to me
very rare another option could be okay
Another option could be that there are
had and that Win michu denies it and
go deny me until infinity
you understand how to see credibility
and the truthfulness that Win michu has yo
I think that
There is little to add to that, no
truthfulness and the number of times he tells the truth
And the times that he tells a lie there are few
to add to it no, there was a fact that I did
It caught my attention and I have to tell you about it.
say okay I haven't prepared myself here
the data to show you The screenshots
But if you want, we can do it in another video.
and Win michu in
[Music]
2017 travels to Los
Angels to go to the Marvel premiere
that I think that
was
Infinity Infinity Wars Infinity War something
that's how it was I don't know I don't know
leader agreement Thank you very much for that
Prime
Friend, okay, in 2017 it goes, no, in what year
In what year did it come out?
came out
endgame in the
2019 in the
2019 endgames you're getting into
with my English, you bastards, well, okay, then
end game wimu doesn't work
Neither Win michu nor anyone who usually
accompany Win michu is worth Why
Because I think these are because Win
Michu is the companion because I think that
collaborations with Disney and with
Marvel is obviously because he is
Founder of Youlet no Win Michu in 2019
No
Win michu is going in 2019 no
goes And then he goes to the
[Music]
and I also remember that I did a
direct If someone finds it
send it to me because I remember that
People asked him, "Hey, why don't you go?"
there to the Avenger premiere why not
you go and he said No because they were going to
invite but no but I don't know what he did like that
He turned twice to Ah because apples
I brought I don't know what and he didn't answer okay And
Then he recently went to a I think it was
no wiu went to a Spiderman Hong Kong
no home home coming
no home
coming
home is not there it can't be because it's from
2017 was
Which Spiderman was not White?
home no Way
Home no Way Home is worth this Yes it was
wismichu at the premiere in
2021 is worth it in fact it's more Look let's go
see what
date November 2021 dance Watch the
trailer
official if the background were like
Dallas says how they got on this paper
okay if the sentence was 6 months
prison in November
2018 we would be talking
December January February March April
May May of the
2019 plus 2 years May
2021 already in
this one already in
This would be clean in case the
I would have had to, eh, if he denied it.
I'm not going to sign it, okay, but in the
case that I had had them also gives
chance is worth it, it just happens
that apart from that apart from that the
Dallas lawyer and Dallas took out this
paper Okay, well, it also happens
that it coincides that Win michu could not
travel to a they didn't invite him to Disney in
none to no preview in Los
Angels precisely in those two years and
half and he said it was for him he said that
It was because of Covid but no no no no no no
In 2021 it was not because of the
covid 2021 was not because of covid he was
traveling to others
countries that were not the States
United he traveled I think he went to
Disneyland Paris doesn't exactly appeal to me.
agreement if in 2021 or
2020 then of course here it is
coincidences no but well Hey, what about
Better Win michu tells the truth eh Hey
Here it may be that Win michu says the
truth and that has never had
background and that they are not there
removed and he jumped A kid
but he was not convicted and it was never known
What happened or could it be that Win michu then
I'm going to deny it outright
like everything, a flight forward and
that's it
No, in fact, in your own live, people
from the chat confirmed that everyone could
travel and without restrictions eh No no no
we will not see each other in the year
2000 end
I'm going to watch this movie. When is it?
premieres end
game in 201
19 This film is released in 2019 in
he
2019 for the date of the preview no
there was
covid the
Endgame when the preview was released
there was no covid and Win michu in the video
what are you doing responding to Dallas in the
yes it is give it again the second part
what he did he says he didn't travel because
there was a pandemic because there was a pandemic
He also says it very coolly, he says there is one
global pandemic I don't know if it
You know, Covid was in April 2000.
Well it was in March, exactly in March
of
2020 then according to the dates according to the
dates of this paper Vale According to Ismael
Please, this paper would be fake.
According to Win Michu, this paper is fake.
It was invented by Dallas Vale because it has
accurate and has coincided with the dates
in which Wismichu does not go, he does not travel, okay
I was criminally sentenced on the 14th
November 2018 in A Corua at 6
months in prison. Okay, so it's 6.
I've been telling you for months now, in May
2019 right there is no longer going to the premiere of
the last Avengers movie
the previous one was indeed in
2018 in Infinity War is in
2018 before this date, that is,
let's see and now coincidentally when
2 years pass and 6 months already
Disney invites another
once by chance
Disney invites him again because nothing
coincidences of life
no good The thing is that I was going to
prepare a selection of Twitch and
Clip and things like that not too
like what I just told you, not from
coincidences in time and so on
no and it had happened to me that it had come out
recommended one
a video of nauter No I was looking for
click Like for example this one ah I have it
closed it doesn't matter I was looking for
certain clips and certain clips like that
in which wismichu jokes about whether he has
or has no criminal record and has me
I recommended a video from Nauter and
I have begun to see the beginning I said
wonderful jewel comes to me
perfect Play tortilla tortilla aur Play
d we are going to vary a little bit no wimu te
touch but chill is worth chill that
We'll see each other next month and neither
I want you to listen a lot, it's that you
You run into me and you get a real bore.
yours And if there is a bottle nearby
I'm screwed
Let's see, eh, next month we'll see each other.
Nauter and Win will be seen next month
Michu would give his life, he would give his life for
see me that judgment well see surely
let's see it because obviously that
trial the trials are recorded and
Obviously I hope that Nauter takes out
clips or so
I literally hope and ask from here
to take out clips
Okay, I think he's not going to get angry or
He's going to be upset that I say this.
obviously but I knew a little about or
I knew the demand, I knew the content
Okay, I'm not going to tell you anything if you don't know.
He will give you the details, okay, I'm not going to tell you.
nothing if he details it to us
[Music]
but Win michu is not suing
to Nauter because Nauter has accused him
of crimes nor because Nauter has
slandered or anything like that, or rather
Win michu
eh No I'm not going to say if naen hasn't
wanted to enter
detail if Nauen did not want to enter into
I'm not going to tell you details about things that
Let him not tell you, okay? Well, I think so.
that just because I say this he's not going to get angry
It's not going to be bad for him, but come on
Basically what Wi michus did was
search as much as possible for any video of
Nauter of Toa that he must have done that
lawyer no Oh, I wish I could
tell you things But well, they are things that
He told me and no and I'm not going to tell them
But I hope Nutter tells it well.
well well well when the day comes
because there is one thing that you are going to split
the [ __ ] up
okay there is a very good thing okay about how
it
they reported
but basically what he did was
attempt
scratch try to scratch as much as possible
could or rather scratched from any video and
He picked up any of these little words that
the nauter uses these words
that the naute tells you, you [ __ ], you don't know
what so That's it that's the demand okay
That is the demand
and I'm not going to tell you more because
I don't want to tell you something that I
has told but come on I'm not going to say
something so that I make a mistake later but
Man, it would seem very ridiculous to me if you didn't
They will condemn Win Michu Costa in that
demand Is that really
eh I don't understand the reason
of these
I have my demands
suspicions I think these demands are going
with a spurious spirit the truth is you are
demands that are being made lately
No, but suing someone for
those words that he put on it and that's why or
be really me
It would seem completely illogical not to
They will condemn Win michu in costs eh o
I don't want to tell you, I'm sure, I'm sure not.
I know what
[Music]
because maybe we get along
a surprise no and hey you never know with
the trials no but it would seem to me
crazy no then nauter has the week
that the one who comes has I don't know what day
He has the one from Wismichu and I have the one from
Joan Planas eh I don't remember the day but
is
next month not the other month that
comes not the
another true speaking of bottle os
Do you remember this while I have always
been innocent he has been declared
guilty as you are hearing it
Wismichu has a criminal record and
worse is one step away from being in the
jail just a stone's throw from a small apartment in the yes
Dallas in a video and how he likes it In
on several occasions he is barking and was
convicted for these acts But how?
It is possible that Dallas does not have a single medium
communication echoed that this
YouTuber Wismichu has a criminal record
penalties for being a violent aggressor
because no media echoed it
condemns Win michu in the event that
be true, do not condemn it, no
eh and yet when they put
lawsuits come out everywhere, man, I mean
they or any friend of the
lawyer them or any friend of the
lawyer and when they file lawsuits
They announce in headlines as lawsuits
won simply because they put them
eh they call all their little friends is that
as in YouTube videos they are not doing well
because they have no arguments
What they like are the headlines
press everywhere and then they come to
the courts saying Yes, it is that look at the
the press says this the press says this
another is you who go to the
press to the press to say this I have
seen a few times already, I must say
that kind of thing Yeah because look at the
press what it says about this yes because
Look at what the press says about the other you are
You who go to the press
say this is that I don't know it seems like a
use of justice in a way
that one day they should be given a
Really tugging on the ear for this one
fill the court with these things
No, yes, they put the headline and they put it
the tag accepted for processing
Of course son, if they are all civil lawsuits
Civil lawsuits are admitted by
I'll do the paperwork right now.
I want to spend 2000 euros and I put it on
chur a lawsuit for telling me body
I filed a civil lawsuit and it was admitted
to
process civil lawsuits are admitted
The criminal proceedings are those that
They have to admit it for processing or not Yes, now
We can perfectly call him all And
completely free of charge aggressor
convicted violent offender and all
These names in a very
absolutely legal because grace is
that we would never be
Wismichu had a history of slandering
criminal and had been convicted, he said
that Wismichu had a criminal record
because of the bottle thing I just got
remember one thing man I just remembered
of a
thing I just remembered one
something that I do have to do again
searching talking about the lawsuit against Nauter
No, because I remember that Win is also
michu on instagram started saying that
had sued five YouTubers
No, I don't know if he has sued another one.
youtuber that I don't know but of all
I think it would have come to me, eh?
I think that I would have gotten it or rather
any youtuber that had
I think he would have sued me
Once the information has arrived, it is worth it
any I think is fine but but to me
I did not receive information about only that of
nauter
Okay, but look, apart from the fact that
said on Instagram that he had sued
as cco
youtubers there is a
I can't get a face video, dude.
wait man that video is
very good
this is the video
Look, I really don't understand.
I understand, I don't understand why to take it out
of Gallego but admit in a video or
drop in a video that a certain
person has a criminal record
take care of them
Be careful because there are some who already know
having to face
phases
initials for saying things
similar for saying similar things or
whatever you are selling to your
audience is that has sued people
to say
Who has sued that for saying
that to phases that are facing
preliminary phases
or in phases
initials
Be careful because there are some who already know
are having to face
phases
initials is that I don't know who not
I want to tell you that he has not sued
nobody and he is selling the Nauter stuff
as if it were for
That's why it's naen no
No no no no that's not why it's Nauter
I have already told you that those of Nauter
They are words that anyone can say
that we say to each other in
the
videos
Ada has not received anything.
nor to see that as power can
sue whom
want
I have weapons, I have a weapons license and
I also have a background and no
I want to go to jail and you are going to
force to go to jail I didn't ring
You can have a gun license if you have
background which of the two things is
lie eh dare to guess it and well
returning
michu
Imagine reporting someone for being a sir.
Jue look, I'm going to report you because
Pepito has said in a video that I have
criminal record to see okay And it arrives
Pepito and says yes Look, he is in this
video has said this in this t has said
the other and it also has a video
admitting that he hit the man with a bottle
I don't know who
[Laughs]
to this day never Better said Wi michu
He keeps denying it, there you have it.
I don't know how these criminal matters are going
but the brother of the boy he attacked
He said that they had reached an agreement
We are a conflictive family, see a coconut
more by dec of this case you know but my
parents are not di meters like that then
They recommended your brother and told him
signature is already done and we don't have to go any further
judgment not exactly that firm and that is
Forget about him. Case closed and home now.
Do you have any idea how long they are
originally asking why Conan 6
months but do you have any idea how long it takes?
They are asking to go to jail
much more I imagine much more you don't have
idea of the figure not approximately no
I know if it can be 5 years or more.
asking for 5 years no I don't know that I don't know
but what I heard myself 5 years ago is not
I have no idea I have no idea but one
This is what the prosecution is asking for and another thing
which would have condemned him
you know, bottle, man, let's see, I don't know, I don't know
The truth is I'm not going to get into anything
I don't know what they could have done
condemned by my parents and such that to me
They told me that this is what we are
talking to him that if it weren't because
I'm not shooting my hand right now It's in the
prison means this then no
has or has had a criminal record, I don't have one
I have no idea, honestly, and how we talk about
a matter in which both can lie
at your convenience give me a little bit quite a bit
Just like all this, Win, michito, you are
directing the demands well because this
What did your friend tell you? Let's see, they can lie.
each to his own convenience To a certain extent
point if Dallas had invented that
Win michu what you have to do is
report it not for the criminal and what and what
and beating him is not as simple as that, no no
has or has had a record, I don't have
I have no idea, honestly, and how we talk about
a matter in which both can lie
at your convenience give me a little bit quite a bit
just like seeing me from me you can't
invent any that I have
background or not
Hey, you can't invent that about me.
One comes out inventing that you are already
I'm sure I'll fund it but you're already there
I'm sure I'll fund it, let's go all this.
you are directing the demands well
because this is what your little friend told you in
I see this burning a bit a bit
demandable
Hey, well, well, well, well, well, well.
good good good good friend friend here
Okay, I'm telling you, here I literally have it.
called p to wismichu and p of dreadlocks eh and
p of
Rasta or rather not only
fart edge but p with dreadlocks or
whether or not he literally called that
wismichu and what is this video?
totally criminal or rather this video is
totally criminal, I don't understand
I don't understand how this is not carried out
Why don't they take him to court for this?
Of course I do understand why not
They are taking me to trial, that's why I'm not going to
justify what Dallas says or what
No, if he has told you, it is that I imagine that
He has called him a pedophile. No.
pederast, well I imagine not.
He is on trial for the same thing as Wismichu.
He made a video of Dallas calling him or
saying that he was an abuser
woman abuser an abuser of women
animals an abuser an abuser of
minors not lying Even in these
under 16 and was not under 16 eh and and
and obviously Win's lawyer
Michu will tell him if we report him then
Probably what's going to happen is that
can go
can never never nothing is certain in a
court is worth it But it may be that
be a youtuber contest because you
You've told him this before and he feels
offended and is responding to you with this
that's so That's it
so it could or rather it could happen it could
happen like that eh no don't report it for
that
Of course this is totally criminal, that is
He is accusing him of very serious things
Hey, man, this is really cool.
eh these facts do not have
sentence or conviction as the alleged one
from the bottle then mitu with the subject
dem sends you connect your neurons or there are
Give yourself a little caffeine so that
wake up the subject demands are those that your
lawyer will send you to put a voucher that for
for some reason to see the inter demand
That's what I'm telling you, that is, it has, it has
a reason that does not escape me
because I more or less imagine the
mine when they put them to me I
I imagine why because maybe I'm going to
witness to a site and want to know how
trying to take away my credibility in a
trial in which I am going as a witness but to the
I don't know why they took Nauter.
Nauter, I don't really know, but the one from Dallas
Well, it may well be that it is not.
report it for that because if you report it
the other can take it and say No, it's not that I
I'm holding onto this thing that Michu did in
2014 to what Win michu did in the
2000 I don't know what to this tweet that put to
This other thing that he put and also He told me
I don't know what He told me I don't know how much and I
I'm answering him because he told me so.
He called me a pedophile.
He called me an animal abuser
How many times has Wismichu thrown at him?
he taunts Dallas saying yes he does
[ __ ] babies yes without saying the name
from Dallas But knowing the whole world
that he was going to understand the joke no O
dressed as a baby drinking agrees
Hitting a stuffed animal called My Name Is
Daniel and when I grow up I want to hit the
animals
not mistreat my girlfriends and hit them
animals no, because all those things in one
you come to court and say, "No, look, it's that"
He has already called me a pedophile and a pederast, but
is that you in another previous video with no
I know how many millions of visits it has
you said this in another you told him this in
a tet you told him this and he took it for
ass both that's what would happen in a
judgment that is surely what would happen
in a
trial I think they are both now
same at a point where the two are
They would say anything and nothing would happen to them.
judicially
But I already told you, I am not a lawyer nor
I am not a judge or a jurist or anything like that
style eh that maybe Win michu
sues Dallas and wins or maybe
Dallas sues Win Michu De again
fact has pending trials still and
win or lose it
you understand the same thing with Dallas thousand
Sometimes I think that's where it goes
topic and Dallas has already caught on and has
Given the situation here, the joke that
Well then he said listen to me. Well then if he
He told me this, I answer him with the
others me
you understand In short that in this video came
to answer no longer what you posted yesterday
and I could also take it as alluded to is
curious to say the least how clearly
how marked is the ideology of all
the channels of defamation and
I guess if you don't have any sauce
scruples or self-criticism with your
convictions you do not have with the
way to make a living criticizing the
way of earning a living for others
we pull from history or it is not necessary
I prefer a thousand times to have grown up in the
platform making shitty reviews
before as you have done it dear and
I put in the previous video I put the
examples of the char roulette but if it is
that not even sun The char roulette uncle
if there are a thousand more things if there are
there are a thousand thousand other things, uncle or whoever
It's you who is to criticize the way of
earn a living from others now
because you speak to me at best
4 years ago and the javil beira 4 years ago
Well, he said more nonsense, eh? Maybe I
I was a little bit over the line but I
I think I've been doing this for many years
this work much more seriously inside
of the line of what is the game of what
that we say to each other, I don't know, no
But of course you are very indignant that the
people take out news of no or because
what is ...
that there has been talk of Win michu
lately because here Win michu no Se
He is complaining that Dallas tells him
pedophile or pedophile here Win michu Se
He is complaining about gossip channels
the gossip channels that have told you
of defamation and gossip that calls it no
the channels that the channels have told you
They have called him a hypocrite and liar
Well, let him lie here, let him lie there, let him lie.
joins with ip360 which collaborates with the
Crazy Ah with the Crazy it seems to him
Well, collaborate, he does have scruples.
man what is it that I know I have left
a doubt no hate you are
judge
okay okay okay And you're going to move on to
last question Okay
so okay okay okay are we going to
skip the last question Okay then t
you call me
pet please don't interrupt me
You are calling. Forgive me again, I'll let you know.
to say Speak for and in the bit you are
well you are you are you are you are you are you are
you are ...
you are Ju you are juz you are juz you are juz you are
judge you are judge you are judge you are judge you are judge
you are you are Ju you are you are Ju you are Ju you are
ju please don't interrupt me you me
flames Forgive me again I'll do it for you
say it
haa you call me another
you see me
Please call, are you Jui? Are you
[Music]
judge
after
after after you are F you are F you are F you are F
you are F you are F you are F you are F you are Fer
you are fi you are jui you are Ju you are jui you are
jui you are Ju you are Ju you are Ju you are Ju you are
jui you are
jui you are jui you are jui you are jui you are juii
you are juz you are jui you are jui you are
jui you are juz you are juz you are juz you are juz
you are judge you are judge you are judge you are you are
you are you are you are you are you are
are
[Music]
You are a real fool, dude.
are
er
[Music]
You are wonderful, eh? You can't deny me.
How to invite the
dance invites to dance that theme eh How
invites the
dance well what the [ __ ] a million times
I think he came up with the
controversy that has been raised with the subject
from the Little Black Mermaid something that I
blows widely the video comes Because
Wimu made a small thread that
when well sorry Javi you are a judge
haha
Thank you smiling with your eyes
Closed Thank you very much to you until
waiting for the next one
great song, I read it and said, "Wow, when I have it, I have it."
time controversy that has been mounted with the
The Little Black Mermaid theme is something that I
blows widely the video comes Because
wismichu made a small thread that
When I read it I said buh When I have
Time will take you apart. So congratulations.
I have it now michu with the passage of time
time may have changed
certain aspects of his personality
content and even environment with wismichu
I don't have any real problems nor do I
I've never had it's that I've never had it
problems in my life I have argued with
He never never never And this always
I will say I have no problem
simply sometimes people, well, they
they distance themselves more, they distance themselves less but
with him never basically to Win michu Se
They removed it from the side, okay, so this is not it
It's about Win michu eh being like that
that they have what he wanted No, it is not
that I am calmer now is that
I prefer to fly lower Not simply
I try to collaborate in Marbella with Auron
and Auron was ignoring his ass in the scenes
where the editor who I think was
Joaqun the scenes of Win michu le
They put it aside and removed it from the series
They didn't want to have any with him.
problem today LL well not you
we call wrong we don't have it's like you with you
I hardly ever talk, that is, we don't see each other.
but but it's ig with you relationship but no
is that something has happened but that it has
your life and yes yes we can see it we see each other
But the truth is that he told me good
go stay and get on your ass and it will pass me by
Yeah yeah and well at the end of the day
better after two years of not having
a very very close relationship but as
If we were you, you would tell me to do something.
Uncle I am, I am healing, I am recording
ask me to travel I'm on a campaign
I'm busy with anything and there's no time
and in the end, well, he put it in the plaza and no, no.
It happens, but good, but good, I like it.
knowing that I have it close, damn it
final is a person who is very
important to me even though I'm not here now
so in my life [ __ ] we have lived a
bita just like with you just like with caj
passing or rather Look eh Joaqun was one of
the people who sent me one day
message when I did I don't remember what
Game Over was Yes yes I remember Well yes
certain gameover and Joaquin sent me and I
said oble your egg or so that's what he wants
say that all the people of the
around wismichu so that it remains
Happy national holidays to the
Chileans who watch Javi's channel
Chile, a kiss to Chile, a kiss, a kiss
Thank you so much
waler I believe that all those who
There were those from Win's environment
michu
They would say, "I'm taking a flight from here to Yawin."
Michu, where does he go, we take him
flight from here That's how it was That's how it was Joaqun
collaborating Joaqun working for
Auron Play was the editor of Auron Play Vale
and auron passed by, look, they passed by from there
two of the hand always the shows and everything
nothing to get past him in GTA even
Like me, a lot of people and that
That's cool because I thought I had this one
chat with you is because it is that which you
I might see you a couple of times.
By year three at the most if we can
match but we still had a
nice route together both in the
rep agency like on YouTube like on
travels and like in little things uncle Pero pero
Well, it's good that part of your environment hasn't
agreed with steps you have taken
Well, after all, it's your life, right?
but with what he has written he gives the
feeling that you want to eliminate from the
everyone's mind what he has done
in the past and it seems to me that I don't get one
job offer for a senior position in
Google fills me with fear and I tell them that
I don't have Ah this was the other thread that
We also commented that Win Mich is
puts that complain that or that is you put
threads and you start complaining that the
gossip channels talk about the threads that
you have put with these hints No
I understand the point if you make a thread with
These hints What is the
complaint experience managing large
teams respond to me that it is a lie that
I am a great boss since a good part
From YouTube Spain eats thanks to me
for years Poor things that have happened to you
dedicated many videos but to see one
moment to look and see wismichu as
character is a character that is
feeds on hatred The more it
criticizing me with something makes me want to do it even more.
They come to me to mess with that something to
that you get even more angry, but if you
fed on it now that you have
changed your diet and it hurts and itches
Well, year and water, friend, joke or not?
The thing is that if I start counting everyone
the videos that have been dedicated to me since
4 years ago some exceeded thousands
tirelessly they continue to do so week after week
week despite the fact that they are mouthing off saying that
I'm finished. Okay, now it's my turn.
give this brushstroke the concept of
wismichu on my channel has varied over time
over the years you know it's not the same
wismichu right now that the wismichu of
A few years ago the only thing that remained
that I have always been a provocateur
I have always wanted to provoke because
I have always liked to provoke and always
I have had fun provoking that
provoked and that you like to provoke
I wanted a caress with you, you're on time, say it
My goodness, the judgment of these people
with this cl my mother but we are going to
see the complaint I don't understand which one
It is the complaint of Wismichu that I feed
to many people but wismichu what videos
They are taken out on you so that one comes out
a week or two or three to a week one
maybe three or four come out a week
videos because those weeks he has written
Gilo, you have fought with Dross.
indirect writing you have put the thing about the
background Of course No of course not
the thread was a social experiment don't you
complaints now about negative reviews
But hey, in the past you looked pretty
happy when they filled your
pockets unless you wanted them to
make a video with yours
comments and thus profit from your
Costa and really this thing of inviting him to
Watching my movie was nothing more than a
strategy to trick you even more and that
so you fill in the video for me because I had
Of course I wanted to make a video but I
There was missing content and you have provided it for me
filled So thank you so much my
plan has turned out to be a success today
today's Ugh what a hell my goodness
Thank you very much Don Juan, how much I have had
to endure in a past when I saw
the bills come I have it
all the colors So thank you
badaboom because not only have you given me the
opportunity to profit Thanks to you a
time but you have given it to me a second time
buy the bada chis cushion at the
description you can delete my videos
You can strike arm the channel but never
You can suck it and take the 17,000 off me.
that won Thanks to you visited in the
beach if today it still makes you feel
videos to people if they recently did it
a darizard what happens is that every time
who makes a video to someone then that
someone answers you and closes your
mouth Of course, you don't like them anymore.
the gossip and the controversies, that is
How many videos has Win michu made?
of the people Thanks Agustn 33 33 months
Agustn almost nothing eh How many videos has
made Win micho to ca of the people of the
who played pranks on the girlfriends of
those who made videos of the opening
web ad boxes of everything for everyone
What happens to YouTubers is that every time they
gets into a controversy with someone pum
They give it back to you and it remains
fatal visited on the beach and this for a
tweet you know So that at the moment
in which they find out that I am
making this video really just for
profit at their expense, they're going to freak out.
Who are you trying to fool, Wismichu?
you know how this game was and how it goes and you
I say this because I have black balls.
Now with this it doesn't matter what there is
made throughout my career that the
People will always remember me for that
little son of a [ __ ] that is
I used to mess with people on chat roulet and that
He had sexist attitudes asking for tits
and a long etcetera of which I
I regret it very much Yes but it is there it is
I have to accept my past and I have
that carrying it on your back no matter how much
[ __ ] me that's karma after all
Well now screw karma no.
It is said in passing that it is not either
incompatible with the fact that it is in
decadences to make you a criticism no
has nothing to do with it, it's still a
public figure indeed Well yum
yum yum yum decays of that you
You yourself have admitted that you are to blame.
He said how it has evolved
your online presence since last time
that you came and are still on YouTube
You're on Twitch, I'm also on YouTube.
I'm on Twitch V eh step more
unnoticed you go more unnoticed in
What's the point? Well, I have to see you less.
People, I have a little less engagement
that I didn't before but at the same time I'm very TR
Why Why do you think it has been Well
I don't know. I guess because of so many messes.
that I have done, he does not recognize that they are for
It's not your fault, but it makes me very angry
grace that he has dedicated himself to it
same as us what happens is that
better as he had more visits I don't know He
worked differently in that
At that time, live performances were not so common.
No, but the content of Wismichu and I
and I will always say it, eh, the content
of wismichu as well as the content of
auron Play used to be pure gossip
criticize other YouTubers were channels
to criticize other YouTubers and people
from the internet and the bastard and the I don't know
who they were
There are several types of salsa making
the way to make the salseo is the salseo
like YouTube gossip on the news
not that you can tell the gossip of the
the rest is in who you are
participant in the gossip but those gossip
ha is save me is what
You do It's not like he was hitting me all week
with the video because I edited it more
nice voucher instead of a video Up to Date
You uploaded one a week, okay? But I had 5.
millions of views I mean he was loaded
People get tired of gossip
a little wonder what wimu we have now
because what happened with Maradona, for example, was not
has lived his life as long as he has
dear uncle, so it's not that there is
died in a tragedy is not that there is
died suffering a lot It's not that
died as a child is an uncle who
He went as he wanted and he died
Well, look at a heart attack precisely because
the life he has led But he has lived
Damn, without getting into anything.
condemnable of him, I do not feel sorry for him
no guy why did someone do it
have any questions, I was looking to provoke and
that was what caused it But hey no
I criticized him please that I to the child of
people who hire for legal matters I have
heard that you are no longer a channel
criticism and I say that with this I understand the
ts that you deleted and that you put on a
tiktoker criticized please that cries to
child of people you hire for issues
legal I heard that you are no longer a
channel of
criticism of people you hire for
topics
legal I heard that you are no longer a
review channel Ugh it's been a long time
months that I have not spoken with nauter that I have not
spoken again
but of people who hire for issues
legal I heard that you are no longer a
criticism channel sounds to me like the
lawyer in some of these off-the-record writings
because the lawyer writes the documents he makes
with justice I am one day already you
I will tell the fight that I have had
these TR years and the little things that it puts and
the tricks he plays or tries
at least not but the arguments and
In addition, perhaps many judges
sometimes it can confuse you a little
the mind because they do not know the context
But come on, there is writing and there are things that
He tells you know And also in the writing
usually makes some nuances and some
totally unnecessary appreciations Now
I'll tell you when it comes to me when
If it's my turn, I'll tell you.
It is evidently not them who have
wanted to start and they are the ones who want
Let this continue, okay. But when
when the time comes, I will have to do it
explain and everything how the process has gone
I'll have to explain it but what I
It sounds familiar to me, he is the lawyer in
some in some writing or in the hearing
previous or in some thing of this there will be
said that wismichu is no longer dedicated to the
controversial or that has been withdrawn or some
something like that for sure, for sure because I
I haven't spoken to Nauter in a while, I swear.
eh I swear I haven't spoken to him and
I think the last thing I heard was more or
except for the topic of the
demand but surely the naute will
He will have answered but well, let's see
but this gentleman, if this gentleman
dedicate to this to this this this this and the
another lawyer will have said no no if my
client is just playing
video games is a hairdresser or something
thing for sure because these people do those
things man these people think that
things don't work out and then
absurdly judicious because I also
I see many times that they deny what
better
Friendships, you know, eh? Like they deny it.
friendships like that
deny things you do with who you are
They put together I don't know who you know and I think that
he does it many times
because to use stupid arguments
In the trials we will see, uncle, you don't
you have to in a trial if you are going to
sue
you don't have to bother someone or
misrepresent neither nor
try try now
as if the judge has prejudice, it is fine
Because many writings for example the
writings that he has had with me Not that one
lawyer Yes yes because he continues to defame Yes
Yes, because he earns a lot of money.
said in I don't know what video Yes because of course
He thinks he is very intelligent and he thinks he is
that he's going to win or am I making it up?
eh but imagine phrases like that by the
style Yes because he is very smart and he
He dedicates himself to messing with people I don't know what
He seems to give some assessments that
are left over and it does so as a country by creating a
prejudice to the judge uncle if you want
to sue or report something
someone who is real or if someone you
accuse your client of a crime If
Someone has defamed your client If
Someone has somehow broken some law.
with your client so that you don't have to
manipulate reality than deny things
yes
you do to try to win than to mess with the
judge telling him that social networks
they work in a certain way when in
actually work
other than reality Why Because
If maybe you don't get it the first time
instance you will get the second one or you
is going to come out
third I don't know and you'll be worse off
in front of the public, what good will it do you?
win maybe I don't know is that for real
These are things that I don't understand.
things that I don't understand, okay, but
Nauter literally lives off toxicity
I don't agree with many videos
of nothing but literally in this that is
saying in this video is that there is no
nothing that can contradict him
really Or is that what he is saying
Here I am, who literally believes that it is going to
win the trial honestly me
It would seem absurd that
condemned for something he said about
wismichu would seem absurd to me
that he was convicted of something that he did
He has told Wismichu and he will enter you
in more details and so on, well, then.
Same Well in a couple of months or in a
month will be telling you
and I say that with this I understand the t that
you deleted and what you put on a
tiktoker you told that
you wanted to do a csi
nacher okay or of course okay or os
Do you remember this that we talked about Win?
Michu posted some tweets threatening with a
cci a nacher vale And he put this and then
This tweet was deleted, luckily with
all my projects I don't have time for
nail you a csi said the Galician in a
tweet that has already been deleted
that the worst thing you've done has not been
steal content or you don't remember
when you organize attacks on Instagram
profiles simulating their deaths and
scaring all of his loved ones by
four [ __ ] but people listen to me that
wismichu doesn't always attack when he does a cs
I usually use that cs to attack something
either
someone Clear clear clear well that's it
This has been erased because the lawyer
I would say erase
that erases that
Oh, just like they erased things with me.
I'll tell you what I have.
I will count on you to delete things that
I have not told you wismichu that wismichu to
He hasn't sued me, but he has sued me.
I deleted things that I have and that if I don't know
They clarify in the first instance that they are going to
clarify in another I tried to fix
things for the good we are going to
leave us alone so we never meet again
nothing about each other but no no
They want to humiliate me. I think that with
These trials are what they are looking for
how to humiliate or be above or of
that they are right you know Imagine that
They condemn Nauter, okay, yes, Nauter
condemning him does not take away his reason
Nauter if Nauter were condemned it would be
for some reason
expression for some insult for something for
the style But that doesn't take away from the rest
The argument is not for everyone anymore
Let's believe that Wismichu had the
right in all the things that have been done to him
criticized me or anything
you understand is that they use that
Of course, because what he wants is to beat him.
it is like it is like what they did with
with the demand to naya then everything to
headlines let's see one thing is that you
you win that lawsuit is worth the lawsuit that
Naya recently lost it, it's worth one thing.
that you win that lawsuit and another thing is
that you boast of having won it and go to
the press because it condemns it
It's for filtering it But not for the
content the content remains the same
same as everyone criticized Me
you understand me You understand my point and they
What they do by winning the complaint is like
That is to say, announcing the victory is like
look we won you know I don't know very I is
that I try to understand many times the
Minds But there are times when I don't understand it
He doesn't insult, nor does he insult a lot.
I throw a lot of such you have understood
or not already finally It's not that I'm happy
I don't care if Michu wants to continue his
I walk and I'm happy, I'm perfect
living a very sweet moment of my life
Creating with content My Way without
neither own nor media pressures
managing my companies and projects that
I am passionate about them and above all having
time to take care of myself Well don't get involved
tell Dros that his dick smells like
cheese like many other things you put
both on Twitter and in your
direct, dedicate yourself to your hairdressers and
your companies and your video games
If you dedicate yourself to controversy, you will have
video talking about your controversies that is
So let's see if you learn a little and leave
to the people calm down again to see if
you learn a little and leave the people
calm down okay, the group of people says it
They say it in the group of people who
They dedicate every step and every effort to fencing
breathing that Dallas does eh is a
public figure you have to eat it
But let yourself cry and look to the future no
you focus so much on the negative because
how it was like that
Well, it's been good, it's been very good.
This video has been really good, the truth is
eh honestly I really want to
really looking forward to the month that
comes and knows what is what is what
what has happened and how have they been doing?
But come on, I'll tell you now.
I I believe that what hope that
I have to know what's going to happen with this
is that when nauter has not spoken
much of the subject but when when
finish the trial when you have one
sentence because nauter is going to take out a
pum pum pum pum video and it will also carry
all year collecting Ah I have
Found this Look this comes to me
well for this argument that gave me the
lawyer in this you know what I'm telling you
So nothing, waiting very slowly, very
so nothing waiting very patiently
and with good energy it's worth seeing what A
see what's there will give it to you everywhere Yes I do
I think that
yes and to pay costs
eh And to pay costs
Hey, there are not a few things.
Hey Javi, you're a judge. Javi, you're a judge. Javi.
Javi Javi Javi Javi you are a judge Javi you are
judge
Javi you are a judge Javi you are
Judge Javi Javi Javi Javi Javi you are a judge
Javi, you are a judge, well I am not a judge, but I am
I'm going to condemn a kid here.
The truth is that what I have found
he has put it in me he has put it in places in
a script for a video I won. Uy
that I won we were talking about the
trials have put this in me that I am going to you
Luares has put it in one to teach me
from a script I was recording
today and when I found it I
said Sorry How is it that
How come I hadn't seen this?
I don't know if you remember Aguilar here.
Aquin Aguilar was a guy, a kid, I
I see you very stupid, the truth is, joo here with
All with all due respect I was going to say the following:
I'm sorry but I can't give an opinion on
another way of him is that I see him a
I see him as a brat, a little brat.
I honestly don't like him, he never has.
fallen well okay I've already had my issues with
He was there around 2018, I think it was
because he took a kid who also
The kid was obviously not in the know.
all his ducks in a row was a boy
how special he was a special boy okay
The My Little Pony boy was called no and
This guy went to visit him as he lived
nearby went to visit him And in exchange for a
pair of funko pop and a pair of
gifts are
marked when he saw that the first video was
made it viral with 5 million views
With 2 million visits I don't remember
how much was it
eh he marked four or five more videos
with the
child taking advantage of it well and squeezing it
the situation is good
not taking advantage of the situation there
Well, this has arrived to me, man. I mean, it has arrived to me.
When this happens you're going to freak out, eh, I mean this
he's doing it on his Twitch account
Hey, this is streaming on Twitch and and
Twitch Eh has not removed the account
still nothing like that is worth it or anything like that
it's mind-blowing
look
Friends, we are live in full HD with Mario
Come on, he's here with a cell phone tied to his
doll watching the Twitch chat and with the
another recording a story for
Instagram saying friends we are here
no, the traffic light has already turned green
Here in Spain it is now prohibited
even pick up your phone and send an audio
or look at your phone for a second or whatever
Even at a red light it is okay but
is that the traffic light has already been set to
green and the the
Uncle and Uncle Well, he's still standing there.
recording an Instagram story no
this boy the year
past that gave me incredible sorrow
because the car was bought this car is
the one I was about to buy
which is the Mercedes that I love
true I mean this car has me crazy
end to end and change and I will change in
sometime my car for this because
I'm in love with this Mercedes.
Ah, this one has a super melody. Not me.
I was in I was about to buy myself
This Mercedes is that this one is super
canoro imagine imagine what's at home
In plain black, I don't know if there is any around.
some photos no but I was about to
buy me this same Mercedes But at
In the end I bought the one I bought that didn't
This one has nothing to envy and it is
That this Mercedes was very
tiny from behind or what it is
back of the back seats
were very uncomfortable and the trunk was
It was more sporty than anything else.
then I bought another better one which was already
Have you seen me? No, the guy hasn't
made more than encor the Mercedes put it
so look at the car look at the purple car
then he filled it on one occasion with
[Music]
stickers come with a key people
Well, so they don't steal them, it was worth it.
mother and we are also thinking about
put this line that does not have black or
singer
[Music]
Mexican characteristics or something like that no Good
I think this is actually my car.
who is next to you, you agree
with what is about to happen
happen yes yes yes yes This is my car
What's happening, it's not that bad
obviously
let's see what it is
Look, my goodness, yes, it is my car, I think so.
It's exactly my car but come on no
so it's worth it
And the Mercedes already has it.
crashed and left him in
sinister left it in sinister
so I crashed the Mercedes okay left it in
accident and it couldn't be fixed. Okay.
Well now he is dedicating himself to this in
Twitch with another new car that has been
bought for a car event no s
is going to happen
but tch
and
[Music]
ridiculous moment is gay
ah
goes the
three illegal races
uncle records
gey
The truth is that I don't even know how funny it is
in fact, look, look at races
illegal
[Music]
Oh yes it is
dog
want to load a
[Music]
car my backpack I think flew off
gey
Cool if H what would you have done then nothing
Well, if there is a fine, let them fine us, it is Geyl.
eled what's the problem they can't take
gay cars
either
if there is a fine that we
fine What's the big deal, gay? Well, the big deal
It's that anyone can happen
innocent who goes to work and crashes
with your [ __ ] [ __ ]
car piece of trunk in the
head What's the problem, let's see
where is this going, dude? Look at the
road where it goes
eh, I mean, look where it says, it's a
road where you have to go at 50 like
maximum eh look at the ground okay
Look at a bike lane here that has
priority What's the problem? He says yes.
they fine us to hell
If my car goes off track and I crash into
someone or someone killed someone innocent Which
it's the fart
No, what's the big deal, right?
You see, this is where the [ __ ] [ __ ] happens.
that one turns and now goes back there no
Look how the place is, eh? A step away
zebra here Ramon Today is the day I imagine
that for less than that they are putting you in
to the dairy. Well, I don't know how to throw it.
thing where this guy lives but here
in Spain
Yes man we are talking about that
surely the speed is
surpassing by
a little bit 100 a little bit 300 For not the
speed is exceeding it not O 200 by
non-removal of the insurance card and imprisonment
Well, I don't know if it would be jail but
man here in Spain if not a little bit
lack
eh a road where you have to go to
uncle
but it's not that I do it that's why
Of course not, of course it is.
that apart from doing it they are doing it
broadcasting in
Twitch friends, we're live in full HD.
Mario and I are going to a car event
I don't know what's going to happen but an event of
illegal car racing
That's not a car event, that's
illegal racing
friend, someone take away his channel
Twitch to this
character you know what happens that
It hasn't gone viral because the boy
has been on the internet for many years trying
be viral but
no no he has never achieved it and he has never
had much more success than with the
My Little Pony boy but he has I think
that has 500 and I don't say it in a way
contemptuous but man
eh That's why it hasn't gone viral because
This seems to me infinitely worse than
for example what gref did in his
LoL day That is in Guadalajara is wrong
Let Javi say it, but that is an area
which is in a gray area of the city
There is no law there, I tell you how come there is no law
There is How that there is not
LoL law That is in Guadalajara it is wrong
Let Javi say it, but that is an area
which is in a gray area of the city
There is no law there, I tell you, as if it weren't so.
there is
law How not
there is the Ocean
Atlantic true there is no law But
guys where do you live
You Welcome to Mexico But where
[ __ ] you lived
Kids, there is a law but it is ignored, mother of all
Good God, but on Twitch there are rules.
not a little no, these would be behaviors
dangerous
not mother of
God, I'm going to get you out of the can, but now
the moment I become rich I will
take out a tin can to see these two do it
members to see a great game that the other day
we were playing but not only that
we were playing is that we had here
to the
involved the other day in the last
directly if you want I'll go up and explain to you No
W Don't worry Thank you very much King the
another day we were here
explaining Well it's not that we were
explaining It is that suddenly the
we were there live
Fer came and Rubn didn't go on live.
but was with me here for
WhatsApp sending audios to me
try to calm things down because
I get along well with Fer I get along well with
utbh I get along well with Rubn because I said
Well they have warmed up tomorrow
They will regret what they have said to each other.
to cut extract of live aiden
I cut a piece of live and I don't upload it either.
Well, nothing. Ah, it turns out that yes, that day
next they have continued with the move
Ruben has uploaded a video utbh has uploaded
video and Fer I don't know if he said anything
basically better criticisms good
There are all kinds of opinions utbh going to
collaborate with the government for the
development of the influencer law
This is a meeting they had utbh
and the lawyer who is Pablo Franco who
Well, Pablo has been with us here.
at some point I have a good relationship
It's valid with everyone, even with Pablo Franco.
and it's like
one is like a group of influences that
have joined forces to meet with the government
to discuss and as for some
rights some modifications of that
law of influencers, well, something like that
No, I have not been interested because the
I really don't like to get involved in things
the ones I am not deeply informed about
so for now I'm not going to
I will certainly put in But
Well, I respect the opinions.
I listen and I understand them, okay Ruben
We had him here explaining the topic
of the law of influencers and I don't know the
Why don't I know which fists are not in agreement?
Ruben and utbh agree on the issue of the
law because as he was explaining here
Rubn ley del influencer Well, me
I would think that any influencer would
agree not I mean in that plan
point I think we were all going to be
more or less to one and if they have done
a kind of collective of
meeting in which everyone is united
to fight for rights I believed
that was going to go more or less for the same thing
but well there are criticisms of utbh
They take it as if he has met with him
government eh here there are people who also
The thing is that they have exploded, okay utbh
meets with the government along with
Pablo Franco Jer le
criticizes utbh makes a video criticizing the
criticism of
[Music]
and criticizing Rubn's criticism Rubn
jber needs attention okay This video
utbh lo
delete I don't know why I don't know if because
It didn't turn out very well for him because
regretted something he said
It is said that he was not receiving very
good reviews Hey Sada is in
trend look at Sada in
loscos trend of
an antidepressant if Man
anes
What has made Sada who is in
person has organized an event or
something that has organized an event or
something and is on the street to meet with
people or whatever is good there are opinions
eh all kinds are fine there are people who say
Well The Movida
It's in the move if I'm not mistaken
Ok, if I'm missing something, you can tell me.
But if I'm not mistaken, La Movida
These people act like
the union and meet with the government
to discuss rules and the law
This YouTuber Rubn makes a video
criticizing you utbh video ends
you erase
I don't know why they mention his girlfriend.
utbh or something like what happened with
Pablo Iglesias Rubn said something like
So, uh, Pablo Iglesias likes you.
anything or something like that
I think I have that now.
The thing here was that UTBH's girlfriend
That is, Fer is a friend of ours.
He was very upset by the comment.
Ruben and began to accuse Ruben of cocaine
and noano and that he started [ __ ] in the
utbh portal with an aunt Vale and
Basically, Rubn did another live show.
in which they hook up is worth Y
On one side Fer was saying things about
and on the other hand Ruben does not care about things
Fer I think he has already done them
I deleted Fer's things if I don't
I've got almost everything wrong
Deletion is worth what we can recover
it is it is it
of these extracts from Ruben that has
put this partner here in a thread no
Fer was with me live this very same
night and I cut the extract I don't know if it
I'll try to recover or whatever I think
No, but well, Fer basically said
that she had felt attacked and that in
answer because he told things he knew
Rubn Sergio has deleted the video of
yesterday he didn't delete it for me so
I have seen from what they have told me the
people from his channel were throwing themselves at him
around the neck, that is, a guy who pretends to be a liberal
I don't know about such against the state
against went ahead with the protest and
meetings did not include Rubn and he believes
that the initiative is
yours is worth it
Tesa, that is, Rubn would have liked that
They would have counted on him, maybe not
They do what they want and
you make a good video and it hasn't been
united and why they have not done it together
justifying to see if I know that the
History actually comes from before
They have bifit from before, right? Eh, I'm not here.
placed in the lords of the fight that they have
I have had them because the truth is I have not
sincerely interested because it took me
I get along well with Seio and Rubn.
so that I can see if it had happened
put the hot saline as today yes
I would have commented on some occasion but
I think things have been exchanged
no criticism notion I think legal but
unfair harmful intervention of the
you state that you are also a liberal
transferring and endorsing the arguments
that has given you the
government, there is no need for me to comment
That's what I said yesterday, dude, there's no need to.
that I comment on it your followers realize
account of the reason why I
I stopped collaborating with you a year ago
the lack of principles of the lack of
all that you only care about is the
stop and check to see what I don't know
how many because of course I such let's see such
sea Look at this this this such go for him no
HE
how many then uncle
Hey, it's my fault.
What do you want me to tell you at the end?
pass, you can't, you can't comment
nothing that belongs to this person is worthless AND
then the sectarian is me
okay uploaded a video in which
They were basically insults, it was called
rubben jber needs
Little case, this thing doesn't work for you, man.
This roll that I've seen you do
In private I have seen you jump from
Joy on your couch because I don't know who
I was going to upload a Game Over by Joan
flat host
man I refuse to have a cameo here too
eh I refuse to have a cameo here T How not
Uncle Well, I honestly think that
I sincerely believe that they are
giving a gift to John Planas that
Neither of them will like to give it to him
because joh planas will love it
that they are both fighting and they will be
saying and will be saying you see you see I
I'm right, they are toxic or something.
like Javi he is famous but he is not
fames They have me everywhere
They put uncle it's not fair
Sergio has uploaded a video in which
They were basically insults called Rubber
needs
Little case, this thing doesn't work for you, man.
This roll that I've seen you do
In private I have seen you jump from
Joy on your couch because I don't know who
I was going to upload a Game Over by Joan Planas
in plan with the mobile Yes
such Ramn Today is the day to see what he was
to jump both Ruben on YouTube and
Sergio on Twitch has posted SS videos
collecting
cable collecting cable now we see it or
be the gameover was to jump
Don't tell him a secret either.
To Rubn Bueno, here Rubn, of course it is already
This is when Fer also
I was saying things tonight, I think.
eh No here Fer it's not that we have
lost order, that is to say I know that in a
At that time of the night the two of them started already
to rant Fer also the things that
He told there shouldn't be any
said and
then I think they were wrong
both sides, eh, that is, to debate in a
political issue, man, you have entered into a
scope
staff to discuss a political issue
You've gotten into something personal, Uncle Yo.
I know how you work, I've seen you in
private How you work I don't like to say
This is true, but as you V said too
I don't know who tricked me, yes or no
I know how many then this roll of Ah
chis me no uncle no no you only you only to
don't put me in it and then he deleted it
Well then he deleted it Why Because
his own followers because when
because you will have seen that because I was
losing followers for that reason
deleted it is already was losing
followers is my fault that too or
It's me who gets into this mess, right?
in this debate Okay, well, nothing then
Well, man, what do you want? What do you want?
Sergio has uploaded a video in which he says
They were basically insults, it was called
Rubn jber needs
Little case, this one doesn't work for you
roll the meeting and such I'm sure And
Also the live show you did yesterday from the
meeting and such I'm sure it
you did it because you knew that somehow
way it was going to reach me and you were afraid of
that I commented and made a video
straight whatever it was and that's why he says
We're going to do the live show with Pablo.
Franco is in a good mood And such But it's that
What it is is like you said yesterday.
lawyer what is is and cannot be
another way is already there and also the
live that you did yesterday from the meeting and
such I'm sure you did it because
I knew that somehow I was going to
arrive and this is not it
I understand who has the obsession with one
person is he who goes up who does not
I know how many Twitch streams with jis
Jis jisis that in the end it seems that it is
his Nemesis without me saying there is
provoked against him nothing more to say
Uncle, up to here when I find out about it
what did you do with Villanueva and and and and well
and the insults and sending people to my channel
and applaud Pagowski for saying things
what is the square of desmal for?
When I cut off the relationship with you, uncle, because
I see how you are I I I have ever
said live or in some video I have
I once said that I closed my relationship with
utbh by Javi on the channel on the Channel
from the lawyer of
Sergio, let's see, let's see
wait for A
see says
Javi, well wait and see if I
Javi leaves the Lawyer's Channel
Sergio uploaded a video where he says that
Ruben helped Joan Plana with the case that
leads against
you to see seriously but that Where is in
YouTube
but Ruben helping and in flat To what
the case he has against me is
It's complicated, it's complicated
this one
day to day
see I'll see if I can find the
piece is complicated to make sense
that they have to invent a flat
So for more help than for more help
that
look and see, I mean, I'm here too
I didn't have a single [ __ ] sentence from him
in the cendo now has had to back down
and say that it is true that it only takes two
cases that only one has handled in
protection of the right to honor that by
true I don't know but I don't know either
I would be surprised if it were Johan Planas's
against Jav Oliveira and take him
free I mean, I wouldn't be surprised at all
because in addition, both of them have
They both told me something similar.
It is said that the judge said that the
courts are for something else then
It would be a huge coincidence if there were two
different judges saying the same thing in
two different trials therefore
I imagine that is one of the two that
is carrying how how how how how how
as
how do I say to say that I don't have
reason is that I already assume it, that is to say I already
I have explained what I had to explain and
What I have explained is that there will not be
an administrative hate violation if
Title one point is not developed
I have explained the guy distorts it and says
It is not that the violations
administrative authorities cannot establish
sanctions that even in that it does not have
[ __ ] idea even in that he can't not them
regulations cannot establish
sanctions the general regulation of
circulation establishes sanctions ready the
tax regulations establish
sanctions if it does not matter if it is that
Besides that, he doesn't know about that, not about that.
He doesn't know either. But hey, he wants to go
ready and
wants a man
see I think he is referring to that
He thinks that Ruben takes Joan Planas to the
case
with me but yes yes Pablo Franco knows
that this is not the case or is really the case
He knows how to talk to me. I have spoken with him.
Pablo Franco and I think that I don't know if he
I said which lawyer is the one who
It's good. Let's see, it's not that I have
said Wait Wait is saying
Pablo Franco there he thinks that Rubn
He is the lawyer who takes Joan Plana
Pablo Franco knows which lawyer Joan has
flat but doesn't know it because
That's why I know that Che I can't
summarize more or less the topic per call
Okay, wait, wait, I'm going to
call
Do you understand me for anything other than that you are going?
to know In a little while that I
I wish they had let me
take you Javi No to Joan Ah that I
leads to
No man would have it would have it
I said to Paul if I and Paul would get along
he took
Well, I told Pablo that I
I get along well with Rubn, he knows it and I
I would have said, "Well, Rubn will take it to me."
Well no, son, I'm exactly free.
No, the cases don't come to me, let's see.
calls
Yoli
whenever you want
eh When you see
Hey, you take it easy.
Yoli
[Applause]
Rate the quality of the call
Let's see, I'm going to try it again.
time
[Applause]
Hello
Hello, can you hear me? Ah Aha, what's up, beauty?
Hello hello, it's just that I realized that
that had hello hello
Hello, hello, hello, let's see, let's see
Hey, it's just that things aren't going well for me here.
Hey, you don't have Telegram or you don't listen to that.
I mean, I listen to you, but you listen to me.
you listen Yes yes
Sure. Oh, okay, well, nothing, eh, that's it.
I had my headphones plugged in and I didn't know
that I had them plugged in, that's why
I heard so badly
eh Let's see what happened with utbh and Rubn
see with this topic of the root of the
influencers law what happens is that
utbh well it wasn't utbh it was the lawyer no
Pablo Franco then tried to make one
kind of association of youtubers and such
to try to mediate in the law of that
law you know to see a little What was going to happen
consist of what was going to affect them what
That's what they considered because
user of special relevance not for
the themes of Talm and well that Rubn then
as he has his problems with democracy
real and everything that is good to collaborate
collaborate not in a certain way with the
The government sees it as super, that's how it sees it.
fatal But good to collaborate then
of course collaborate collaborate with the
Government is not It is not clear that it is not
but well for him it is like that I mean I want
or not because I have said that clearly in certain
so what it does is harm
other youtubers because of course they
They are focusing on them and not on you
others because I don't know that I don't know how much it's worth
but that's how it is, he sees it that way, what he wanted
utbh was basically Well, get informed a
little in what it was going to affect apparently
in the meeting he specified that what
could affect basically was the issue of
advertising and child protection
that's what I could do
basically affect and is basically
Well, that debate that Rubn had with
with another lawyer also with whom
Well, they had the roll, what happens
It's good that when you publish that video,
obviously a lot of people, followers
of Ruben etcetera etcetera because he didn't have
good interaction let's say and it's true
that Ruben made the answer and as a result of
That answer, well, utbh swelled up a bit
little eggs You know why? Okay
began to insult Well to say good is
that this [ __ ] Rubn I don't know
how good And many things and many
It is true that there is a certain
way he went too far but well he in a certain way
mode responded to Rubn Pues's video
Well, it exploded a little and then as a result
From that live show, Ruben went back to
react to the TVH live stream and tell
things that are good, well, and as a result of what
that
Well, what happened to Fernanda who exploded
a little bit with the topic of Rubn in
a fragment said eh that
Well the theme of the story is that
had with Pablo Iglesias that
supposedly he had told him let's go to
bathroom to refresh ourselves no then said in
that fragment That
Well, that supposedly happened
It's not that it meant that it's good that
Pablo Iglesias is into everything, so
leaving Fernanda a little as if she were
a
anyone anyway then there Fernanda
She exploded because she does explode a lot
more than tbh then it already started counting
What if cocaine or I don't know what
well and and that roll and nothing and it already started to
get involved Because also Well Ruben
He brought out conversations he had with Pablo
Franco and then he started saying that
She was a psychopath and all these
things then well basically a
crossing videos a warm-up Well
Well, let's see, let's see the
videos of each one Yes yes let's see Well yes
It can be done because there are some that, well, can't be done.
I know if they are private or deleted But
Well, yes, yes. Well, I have both of them here.
that they have published, I don't know if they have
removed after they have removed it Yes already or
There are fragments but I don't know if they are there.
everyone but yes it's worth it then thank you very much
Yoli, gorgeous, nothing but you, bye
ch Well, for the context, we already have it.
Of course there are no opinions and people of all
The guys don't utbh dedicates about five videos
to Ruben every time Pablo does something
insults Rubn's mother and threatens
with
hit him
how because the law prohibits it, imbecile or
be your [ __ ] imbecile mother is that I
I imagine the government cannot
guarantee that there will be no sanctions and
thinking we can guarantee you that it will not
there should be sanctions because it is illegal for the
I would go up that no, well it's the same, come on
keep going keep going we see that you are
experts who have read the reports
from the CNMC requesting the Yes yes
we have read them before you You have read them before you
you read when he told you
pin let's see threatens to hit him No but he does
your [ __ ] mother has really passed the time
Pablo
eha so hot hot It's that this already
comes from
time this is coming from time
you know And then Chan that he doesn't see I'm sorry
because the law prohibits it, imbecile, that is
[ __ ] idiot the other one told him
imbecile, trust that Pablo is there
subscribed to Rubn's Channel and everything eh
look you see it is subscribed to the Channel of
Ruben and all could have been good
friends no Ruben responds with a single
utbh video deletes videos and his girlfriend has
what to wear
Padlock says tbh it's a red that gave him
By saying that it is antifeminist I only know
I have never followed that, however, Ruben
brings good
information Rubn jber approached him
utbh to get attention and
prominence when utbh was
minimally critical took it as a
important attack even if it was the
the lightest criticism in the world this has gone
escalating to accusations and
insults we are seeing
Now we will see your videos there, okay? And here
there is someone who does not agree with
Your video Ruben messes with the physique of
Fer but Fer is the one who stirs up [ __ ]
Ruben privately messes with Pablo but he
another Exactly the same and in a more
repeatedly utbh Sergio has called him from
Everything to Rubn for a long time now
datata follow
both This was that F has already deleted the
tweets but basically I was telling him
that he was a cocaine addict and so on.
other people for example who think like
I but I don't dare Because these
Sergio and some other people who are in
That roll is Trev Hner Gisbert right away
crata I don't know what I don't know how many who
you do that, it is you who point out
It's you because there are other people around
example that thinks like me Yeah, well then
Well, anyway, people, who is Marina?
a person who took to the networks
social going out and thanking him
but and to
pinski a lady well how about me
I don't have anything either. It's that I have nothing.
staff against her also Marina no
I know what, well, well, well, people, who
Marina is a person who made herself at
social networks coming out and realizing them
thanks pagowski a lady Well what
Maybe I don't have anything either. It's just that I don't
I have nothing personal against her what
Say Sergio, well, that's what it is.
jber talber I don't know how many I've entered
before coming in here to see what was there
saying live and I was saying
that this tires you out, that I don't know what
that's true. Let's see if you can fix it.
because it is like the dog and the
cat no You know very well You are in the
same groups as him you know what there is
It's quite hypocritical that you do it for
help your little friend who is the one
has made you have your channel so worth it
I understand. But well, I'm going to tell you that
What you are saying is a lie because
You know he also messes with you
Marina if that girl doesn't say
you have not mounted anything
association because you have set it up
you seeing people like I don't know how many
putting Pablo Franco to wear it, I don't know.
how many And now why do people your
followers do not agree with what
that you do and they have jumped on you
and I don't know how many times you delete the videos and you
you know what that shows that only
You are interested in one thing: pasta
visits The Followers I already knew it
I know, but you prove it here for what?
you set up an association then for
that you went to meet with the government
If you really don't believe in it because
the slightest thing you do is go and you've set up
a guy because it pisses me off, man
It pisses me off, I removed it.
this video from my channel but you haven't
taken by me Sergio Don't lie, [ __ ]
you have not removed it for me when I have
I commented at this time that they were Ah the
video is not that video jod How many
videos Sergio has removed is that
video I went to look for it to see what they were saying and
It wasn't the [ __ ] 113 either
night you had a lot of dislikes and a
lots of comments from your own people
calling sold calling everything because you
You were seen for yourself what you are Not because of me
That's why I'm doing this live
You are ordering people around as if everything
what I'm doing and such And now of
suddenly playing the victim by crying
the purest thing to go in the
Montero, see what he has done to me, I'm going to
remove the video I'm going out or rather uncle and
Can't you see that you're a [ __ ] obsessive?
with me you're scratched eh youra on top
I'm going to report the video and I don't know
what and I don't know which because I don't want to
this video is here and it lasts my balls or
cuos here the lover of freedom eh he
lover of freedom of expression and
to screw anyone who says what they want here
I want it to really go double
brazier what a double way to measure This
This is utv's latest tweet from fernandz de
having a good time is that honestly in
I think that part of what happens to Sergio
with me comes from the good side is that
You see, I could talk about many things.
I know about the personal but I don't want to do it
I'm not going to do it or anything. So, okay.
Let Fernanda say what she wants, eh? And that's it.
It's okay, look at what this one says, no
that no what happened what happened what happened that
apart from that, that is, if I believe that
Sergio is that he has lost a little of the
north and with me it looks quite this way
girl directly has one
pathology the
last they pass each other eh There are things
in which I see that they spend one and
I see another one that passes the other ehos
enfl opado no darling that he doesn't care
It's all up to you who meets randoms in
tinder to [ __ ] on the portals of
the buildings
enfl good at
end mother of God if I get it or so and what
you say that Look, now it's
I'm going to say you are some [ __ ] [ __ ]
drug addicts, you are [ __ ] drug addicts
You live drugged, that's why you are like this
That's why you and your boyfriend are like this. And
I'm going to say it more, I've tried it
cocaine I think three times in total in
My life is one in your house, I say it
publicly could say that it is a lie
what you are saying but what is true
It's a lie, it's what you say that
sleep with I don't know who I don't know what
portal that is a lie that is
false but I say it and I say it
openly I have no problem
Now then, you guys have a good time.
life drugged and it is more very simple
Tomorrow itself Look tomorrow I'm going to
Madrid tomorrow I'm going to
Madrid tomorrow I'm going to Madrid tomorrow
the three of us meet and take a test
of drugs okay Look here I have more Here
I have quite a few I have been around for a year almost a year
sasel Natalia no let's see Fer uploaded the other one
Fernanda did upload that same day
At night Fernanda went up and Rubn did not go up
Ruben was on WhatsApp and sent
audios and then at the end the next day
made a video which is this video that
Let's see, I'm finally going to have to
I said yesterday that I hoped to make this video
not having to do it in the live
beginning but I'm going to have to do it
Look, this is the first and last time.
I'm going to cover this topic on this channel.
and I'm going to try to settle it in the way
more aseptic and as they have happened
things because unfortunately in
social networks If you don't explain things
They are distorted, manipulated, etc. and
It remains as if you are a conflict.
The first and last time I'm going to try
This on my channel unfortunately
Sometimes, as I say, you have to do it on social media.
I had to do social for example
with Jesus Candel unfortunately eh Yes
what too to do with this topic fearing
This has been going on for a long time
arrive why For the serious the serious
situation and because of Hoya's departure that there was
yesterday by Sergio de la
Sergio's partner and the lawyer's partner
friend who is a lawyer and who has
has done it to them several times until now
of a bully, well, just so that
everyone knows what happened
The day before yesterday Sergio published a video on his
channel in which he explains why he has
gathered And what has happened in a
meeting he had with the government
with the government with the administration
public regarding the influencer with a
association they wanted to make
asking that it be applied to certain
people who were some but
others not with some critos etcetera I
I commented on this video after all
the day because when I commented it I had
already more than 70,000 visits all the
Sergio's audience mostly
would have been against what
he was doing he was saying
had to post a comment by calling
even his own audience eh
conspiracy theorists and they don't have a [ __ ] clue
idea that is not there etc. etc. for the
The thing is that Sergio's video was not liked.
Okay, night, I came here, what do you know?
they met and all that did not please the case
I'm staying while I move and such
after a whole day carrying boxes with
electrician such and during a live in
the one who is explaining why I am
moving talking about other things I
They showed this video that I didn't even know about
had been published and the extracts from
This comment from this live stream
you have in my last YouTube video in
the one in which I make an assessment of why
I am in favor of why I am against
of this measure and the mistakes since the
technical legal point of view that is
have committed the ridiculous thing I said that has been done
committed for example by asking
These people were going to have sanctions
the regulation, therefore ignoring
being roasted beginning a
specialist lawyer who in the
regulation the law prohibits there being
sanctioning matter, that is, aspects
basics of administrative law and
end throughout the day yesterday this
Obviously I repeat it is a criticism that
focused on those arguments does not enter into
Personally, I did not come to insult or
nobody or anything good because moved by a
thing Well yes yes yes we have seen
insult called him an imbecile and the other
answer your [ __ ] mother what it is
we just saw here soon because the
law prohibits it, imbecile, that is, your [ __ ]
imbecile mother is that I imagine I imagine
We cannot guarantee you from the government
no
because the law prohibits it, imbecile, that is
HE
insult, something that has been going on for more than
of a year and that I have ever been on Twitter
treated for things that I have reacted to
you have passed me etc.
etc. yesterday
I have been moved as I say by everything that
It's been going on for a year Sergio utbh
and this lawyer made a series of
things the first Sergio
despotically insulting me by telling me
I need the title, I haven't seen it
that video because as I say I was I am
I'm moving, I'm carrying boxes but they have
said that he was a subnormal imbecile in
end of everything a total Hoya departure
absolute but that demonstrates what is
Somehow it's been happening for a while now
a year that is the personal grudge that
this person has
with me then the lawyer
also a live basically
insulting me insulting me
family insulting my mother saying
that I wanted to come here to stick to
confront me Laugh and also
Pablo Franco says that, let's see. It's that
It is that I rule here because the law says so.
prohibits says Pablo Franco insults the
mother and threatens to hit but man I
I don't see a threat here at all.
I don't know any other moment of the live show
but man, I'm surprised
No, I mean your [ __ ] imbecile mother is that I
I imagine that I imagine the government is not
We can guarantee that there will not be any
sanctions and thinking then we can
guarantee that there will be no sanctions
because it is illegal for you to upload them and
I'm going to give But I'm going to give you no reason
what to be physically to see is that Ruben
He's saying that he's messed with his
family with his mother and it is because he has
said your [ __ ] mother, let's see, man, I mean, in
plan man let's see what your [ __ ] mother does
You are indeed insulting my mother.
come on okay yes i can buy it but it is
very tightly held
eh Really, or rather in that In that sense
We are caught with clamps, I know I'm stuck
with my mother to see if someone tells me
Javi your [ __ ] mother because I insult him
First I understand that he is not getting involved
with my mother because I know my mother
If my mother doesn't like you, I understand that
who wants to offend me
no And he saw in that same plan Well I
I didn't look at my cell phone all day.
because I was busy with the move
when I arrive at 10:15 at night and
I pick up my phone and see, well, let's go, I had
Instagram had exploded on me
to WhatsApp people disseminators
colleagues who had written to me all the
world What's up with Sergio what's up with
What happened, damn it? Well, what have I
I had not reacted then, I had not seen
nothing I have reacted to the video you made
Last night on Twitter but nothing
from the vein and even laughing at
good r in my plan boy what are you doing
making vows you know but I think that
noos benefits after during
all day as I say your audience with
a video with more than 7,000 views
I would have been saying what the [ __ ] are you
obviously doing and obviously seeing
or saying that for me it was done
unmasked well eh And then
I decide to do a live show in which I'm going to
explain and I say for the last time I no longer know
how to explain this and it's the same thing I'm going to
to do here but in a summarized way
explain the reasons why I
I stopped collaborating with this person because
What During this time there has been a
constant grudge Why We Have Arrived
to this tragic and disgusting situation and
to a certain extent of course
surreal and with this I'm not going to
comment more on this topic is over eh
Yesterday during the live broadcast I also said how
I've been saying because, well, yesterday it was done
not only did he make a video insulting me but
unpublish is that after the video
Previously then I made a video insulting myself
then after an hour then he does a
I saw on Twitch also insulting me that
They passed me fragments in the live broadcast of
yesterday saying that he was going to report me
video how is it that good too
insulting me like that in my video in my
Yesterday's live I explained another thing again
time the reasons that always explained a
moment when I see that this person
He is not the person I thought I saw him as
certain behaviors that seem to me
that they are not reasonable and in the
private sphere and also in the public and
a treatment by a person
agreeing with Ferdinand V a new one
try to get me out of kcio such I don't know
how many and then mockingly insulting me
such and such and I am the one who says Sergio
man if this continues like this after varas
PR conversations what's happening
Maybe I stopped collaborating with you, I stopped going
to your channel and I stopped going to the Channel of
Sergio from that moment that person
started every single thing I've ever done
which I have said, eh, that if I call
everyone unworthy that if I believe
superior than if everyone else
over the shoulder that if I don't have even
[ __ ] idea that if I don't know how much or that is
constant that does not mia that when you left me
to win I don't know what and I don't know how many
constant I have sometimes fallen into
Twitch and I responded and I regret it
after that's why I deleted it not because
Anyway, but this is what is happening
For a year now and yesterday I was seen
I want, I want to believe now with totality
Clarity who has a problem with
who and it is not me I have not done
unilaterally videos to Sergio I have not
never made a direct against Sergio no
The only thing I've done is two things
when he still took me with him for a while
quite skeptical video saying that
that he and his girlfriend had said that in
the Madrid campaign that Pablo
Iglesias messed with his girlfriend
I know what a jerk seems to me, who also
It seems that Pablo Ig is quite bad
I like my aesthetic consideration and
Nova staff
Sergio, man, that's unnecessary, that's a lot unnecessary.
be it I mean I had already said it
before but well And besides if Fernanda is
very pretty, that is Fernanda Fernanda It's not
anything precisely neither but
come on if it were, I mean you're me
talking about Pablo Iglesias having a good
bad taste have you seen Pablo Iglesias
Ruben have you seen Pablo
Iglesias I wish I wish Paulo
church had its
Vera, tremendous woman
personal opinion well ok but what is it
unnecessary and can be taken as
It can be taken but it is an assessment
I don't think it's anything either, that's not to say
nothing personal or serious or intimate
That person, if he is personal, is me.
perception No it's not personal it's personal
The day before yesterday I said Carmen Calvo seemed to me
many other worse things and nobody said
nothing good and yesterday's live in which
nor did we talk about personal matters
I was just commenting on the mistake for myself
which they had committed especially since the
legal point of view and the
such gross ignorance that they had
made before the administration itself
and the government, especially its lawyers
The administrative percentage and all the
the topic is about the influencer, okay?
Miss, there is a group that spams the
The word Gisbert is already used today
is banned from many channels
politician accused of collecting from parties
some and I encourage them to take it off Vid 4
David Santos and
Murcian, I hope they forget about each other
Another thing about Pablo's insult
He apologized to him in fact they spoke for
WhatsApp and Rubn dedicated himself to reading the
conversations on live TV are fine by me. Oh
is that when you are a lawyer you don't have to
get into these YouTube gossip
because in the end one of these insults you
they turn you on And respond to the insult and
It looks ugly, that is, because that image of
Pablo the truth that has remained
ugly you know and
Ruben also the truth is not staying
Okay, there is a group that spams the
The word Jer is already banned today.
from many political channels accused of
collect from some parties and encouraged them
to take his own life I know that David
Santos accused him of charging Yes that to me
I agree that he saw it and because I remember
I saw David's response
Santos But look at the end that thing that
accuse David Santos Even if it seems to you
a personal critique on the political issue
Eh, it still seems to me not to cross the
line To the personal Although it may seem to you
yes
It still seems to me to be a political issue
somehow it is worth it even if it is false and
not everything you want but you already have it
assess whether a woman is the girlfriend of
Sergio, what a taste you have!
It is superfluous in its type of content and in
your type of disclosure Well the truth is
that the serious public couple is unnecessary
yesterday a tweet in which he says that I a
I once had sex in the doorway of his house
house with a person he had met
for an app I have consumed
narcotics and I know this because what
They have said because it is related to the
reason why I chose these
people then as this is not about
to respond and to insult and so on
try to let people know from below
then my perception How things have gone
things In what chronological order some
people who for me in my perception
and the people who are here I think that already
You may have seen it especially in the
yesterday the fixation there is with me
the fixation there is with this one
moralist I don't know what I don't know how many because
I said it yesterday, what I believe is that
when someone gives up having
values When someone gives up the
integrity there is nothing that bothers him
more than another person if you choose that path
because it is more difficult, harder is more
difficult to laugh at a series of
principles that you don't care about anything and in
every moment act in a certain way and
say one thing at a time and that was it
also what made me walk away well
Having said that, what I said yesterday was
I keep now I'm going to take the car
I'm going to Madrid, okay, as you can see, and if you want
play this game then we play I Don't Consume
drugs if I consumed them it wouldn't happen either
nothing because I don't judge people
I don't judge those who consume drugs.
as long as they do not become
some junkies and they don't go crazy
as I have seen some people
unfortunately from my environment and a
reason why I moved away from these
people and let's go that just said that
If they take drugs, their asses go out
the pot if you want now that I'm going to
Madrid, you have my contact as I said yesterday.
We all do drugs together, yes
You want to play that I do I don't know what?
things or that I take drugs that I don't know what until
To a certain extent this makes me laugh because in
end
I have said which I simply hope that
Let it be clear who started this topic
Who started this gossip?
staff Who has had the interest to
constant way of trying
discredit and such and at a time when
that this person's community has
realized something that was grating on him and
what he was doing what he thought
badly agreeing on some things
I guess with my perception, well, I already know.
they have gone completely crazy
all to the point of the most serious
statements made by Fernando for
Twitter yesterday and nothing else Me for my part
I repeat, I have nothing personal against
These people are people I love
far from me because I have tried in
private I know what they are like I know how they act I know
how they relate and I'm not interested yet
so I have no motivation to do anything
I have felt against them during
This time they have had a grudge
quite personal and a fixation of Oye
has grown subscribers such I don't know what And
That's the problem with those
people not me so once I that it
I have explained everything to everyone that I can
consult what I have said and my
videos on Twitch
Well, let's see what he said.
Sergio, I'm back with the dog and now I'm
In my zen moment, I'm drinking my coffee.
with
ice like those crack Thank you very much
mmo for the 100 bits let's see me in
I think it was good when everything came out
this whole thing about the influencers law that
We didn't know where they were going to take us and
the law also appeared, the law had been
approved in the BOE we had all
left with a slightly confused face
circumstance in plan we have not
Having found out what happened here, he left
influencers and youtubers apra in the Bo
and such What happens that the law was not there
defined not or depended on a regulation
In these contexts there are many people who
likes to pick up pieces of things that
I say to say look, he is making a mistake
here because legally everything is a piece of cake
what I am telling you in terms
legal of laws and others I do it with
my words explaining to you how little
What I understand about these issues, Vale says
Miguel my name is Miguel but without h Many
thanks meano for the
bits So I'm living my life
I'm actually walking my dog.
for the retreat that is not here my
[ __ ] but I'm walking my [ __ ]
for the retreat when Pablo writes to me
Franco tells me, hey, can I call you?
I was I normally don't take the
phone but hey send me a message
audio that I'm going to put for you so that
you understand a little where it all comes from
This is a WhatsApp message that does not
It has too much significance but yes
that I find interesting so that
you understand a little of what I hear
Good as I was telling you, the law of
audiovisual is sufficiently
open enough for them to consider
hate speech or what is already known today
today is a hate crime or consider
as an administrative hate crime
Anything, then say that to this
woman was raped by those who don't eat ham
So to me the regulations besides that
They develop the laws and write them.
government does not go through parliament with
which is something dangerous from the very beginning
from there to draft a regulation
The government first has to do a
public exposure and has to hear has
that listening to the sector or the sector can
send ideas, allegations, etc.
etc. today the sector is the
creators' union that is Alan
Barroso and other stories Then
Tomorrow the government will release a regulation in
that whatever you do,
that I do what David Santos does
What is hate speech and when?
protests tell you no no This was
agreed with the sector because the
sector are Alan Barros and the four
more friends
So my opinion is what should be done
make a business association a
business association Well, it would come
be what it is the coe But well but a
sectorial eh three signatures are needed
three self-employed people without further ado and demand the
government to take into account the
contributions from the sector at that time
if the sector would be that association
business of creators
eh the law itself is hype doesn't say anything
but taking into account the government that
We have the regulations that can be very tough
because they are putting social engineering on
everything in all aspects of life
that for anything Give me my phone number
to people and I explain it to them calmly
Okay, this message that you had and
What Pablo is saying makes sense
Franco is not saying anything about the other
world is worth something that in the context
that we were living made sense
especially with the concerns that
there was around the total law I take
to the youtubers I know with whom
I get along well, I tell them, hey look, hey ...
You know this. You can make an association.
I put you in contact with Pablo
I transfer the message and that's it and in Es
that it makes sense is that it has
sense also then we spoke with another
administrative lawyer lup paint with
the one who has such and has all the
[ __ ] sense of the world Also
Lupinta told us that I don't believe that the law
go there the law looks like
who are pressured by the CNMC or what
that it be such and they will go directly to
for the publicity and the [ __ ] of
childhood And such But well me in that
I am an accessory here, that is, I don't have
no idea how the al of such works
I don't know what. Now if two lawyers tell me
Those who have experience in this tell me
and besides that they are right it is not that
just have experience that they are right
They tell me let's see, eh, it's logical, you know
what can be done the law already exists
approved. I mean, it's not a no-but thing.
We are going to fight so that the law is not passed.
The law is already approved, now all that's missing is the
regulations and such can be interceded
You can put pressure on it and you can try to
this law is less harmful or it can be
check to see what these people are doing
wants to do if he wants to set up a law
Oreli to censor YouTubers
dissidents or if it will be a law
focused on administrative issues see
advertising and such total
lots of youtubers, lots of them. Oh yeah.
What a good idea, come on. Okay, well, yes, maybe not.
I know what to do, come on, we'll put together a group
content creator comes such and such
These things really don't affect me at all.
You know that I don't like the whole thing
an association, a certain I don't know what to me
I usually like to go on my own
I have gained 3 kg for the same reason, that is to say,
I don't, I don't, I don't get involved in these things.
In no time I'll go my own way, go it alone
but in this sense, damn it was something that
It affects me, it was something that also affected me
to other colleagues and such and the whole thing
Okay, man, what you're telling me is this and
that they are recommending two lawyers to me
with experience not with not with a channel
from YouTube that they want to set up not with
experience they are telling me has
sense and is the best way forward
so that this law is as little harmful as possible
possible so that you can see how
the details of the law are becoming clear
as it develops and all this
kind of moves okay eh So far so good
everything is worth it. So at that moment the
Rubn gber when we already started to
talk about the Rubn Jber association
On Twitter, well, the typical thing that is there
sold such I don't know what Because the slave
What if I understand it? Or so it is
I understand No, but I do understand
that if he is from this law
generating a narrative from the
which is selling the story of
We must fight against such desires.
regular is respectable your position is worth it
but he starts to put on the Ay tal thing
you are slaves you are such you are I don't know
What when for me you know about
intercede in this law or mount the
association is not a coup
ideological is not a resource that I
I want to want to use you know for
eh make videos later as if it were
idiot is not like that because I was there and
I saw the mess that was there well
and we met with the government
and basically what I do with Pablo
Franco is to come here and we do a
live in which we tell our
impressions And what is the law going to be about?
and what is the law not going to be about, there is a lot of it
people who tell us they haven't been deceived
Look, I'm going to pass, okay?
we have been deceived by what you say
Miguel sinora thanks for the 100 bits or
be the goal of meeting with us
It was to deceive us, that is, he went to say
Well, I'm going to deceive you, I'm going to tell you that
the law when is that we are going to see It is not
don't believe me that the government is
So, Rubn Lisberg makes the video.
This one I uploaded yesterday of Well, what about
balls was Ah the one of Him reacting to the
live that we had done Pablo Franco
and I was saying No, well you don't have that.
moral is that I don't know what it is that you are some
sold to the system is that these people
postmodernism Here is not have
principles dignity all this kind of
rolls okay because we had met
with the enemy we were whitewashing them
we were practically doing
government marketing a very thing
sordid
eh, at that moment I remove my video
You know the video that I had of the video
in which he had done with Pablo Franco
The live and such I say to [ __ ] off
You know this video is not an attempt
This video is basically me.
recounting the experience he had had
such from a meeting you know for
find out what the hell a law was about
but I don't understand why he removes it. I mean
why do you have to remove it if it is
part of what has happened is part
of your life that was certain is
part of the news opacity or not is
that there was a certain opacity But there was
many myths around it Then
the roll of Don't look at the law is going to be about
You are some sellouts, control over
all uncle but suddenly the
horns of war a dragon appeared
He threw fire there and at that moment I said it's
the time to make amends, let's go with the
sword but don't remove the video that helps
I'm not going to explain the law. No, I'll remove it.
video dude because I was like that I passed by
that the other makes a video and suddenly
I have 100,000 people, man, the [ __ ]
comments there because the sellout What
sad How you have lowered yourselves you are such
you are idiots pu room dude that's it
wrong wrong if I am on the same page
according to a video that I made, no
I remove my video because the other one
criticize the followers of the other come
I mean, but that can happen
always no no should have done
Clearly I was wrong, I didn't even have
that having made the association nor that
having gone to that meeting, nor having had to
explained a [ __ ] [ __ ] You're welcome I
That's why I didn't get involved in anything, I knew
I was aware that they were doing
something but look, I wasn't even interested in the subject
because it wasn't something I knew at all
100% and I drive as if it were for me
get into something You know it's my fault
for many years of Thank you very much
jmn and hakama 34
eh I was wrong not to come back no but it is
truth is, I shouldn't have done anything
of that [ __ ] because I hadn't known
I lost nothing there, eh. I hadn't noticed.
lost nothing like that I have never liked it
The Rollo will represent more
people never talk Exactly what
same as me and look what is happening to him
By saying one here you have already gotten yourself into it
He is justifying himself because he loves you
come out exactly cool and I am a zero to
the left in any type of
meeting with the administration or with your
[ __ ] with my little paintings Look how handsome
How do I take this Troll for no no no
You answer No such thing at the end of the roll
Look, you do whatever you want, you know.
do whatever you want and write the
tet who writes is that I'm not even going to read it
I'm missing fists but Sergio what did I tell you?
that Miguel called me uncle so and so But if it is
It is true that this dryness of Fernanda is
warms up puts a me at first
I don't even know what the hell he put because I
I'm in like look dude I'm going to
I'm going to put my hands in my ears
to the room and I'm going to be watching videos and
such and such and then I see the tweet that has
position and the log roll tastes like
where are you going where are you going I was there yesterday
I argued with Fernanda because I didn't like her.
not a hair what I was putting is that
No, I don't think that's a real [ __ ].
I receive Put this kind of things in
Twitter at the time of But hey uncle the
another clear what happens live to the other
They pass you the tweets that the
another one gets hot and starts because you are
some very strong drug addicts yours
life around what roll of
Dude, Fernanda went too far, eh, she went too far.
They all went too far, they all went too far
here but Fernanda I think is the one
more has happened of everything
Hey, the movies we make are very
Crazy says that what's cool about these is
the improvised ones Yes of course the ones
improvised but it was good, isn't it?
I was It's that I got up this
morning and I saw the mess that was there
that was trending this morning is
that at 7:30 in the morning that when
I wake up today and look at my phone and see
trends you see I say What the [ __ ] and that's it
I see the ranks that were stuck yesterday. I look
all the twis that Fernanda wrote and
I say the mother who gave birth to me, uncle. Then
Hey
Well, and because Ruben didn't want to come
because the handsome, the handsome would have been
that Ruben had come up here to me
direct or because Fernanda was
here ready for a debate with him eh a
a face to face with him or rather and also
Fernanda here on live with me is
that we can't do that, I haven't recorded it and
I have also cut the live stream because
I said go see if they calm down and of course they did.
I arrive on Saturday the next day they leave
start talking about the topic and making videos
and it's a trend, I don't cut it from my live
nor the audios, that is, Rubn sending me
audio here live on WhatsApp and
Fernanda here on call with me is worth it
and also with a video camera and everything Fernanda
she she to debate That is she came
ready to debate and Fernanda was
to tell me it's not going to go up it's not going to go up
because if it goes up we are going to take out things that
will see if it rises
another if the other one had risen we would have
had one of those nights that we
we like
eh You still have time
eh No, he didn't say that it was very bad, Javi, let's see me
I stayed here, so in theory I'm leaving at 1
and that day I stayed here until 2
trying to get Ruben to go up was Ruben
the one who went to the drug-addicted town
He said that you should go take a test to see
What comes out? Yes, I saw that as the duel of
the tests do a test I take this hair
It's a roll. For the love of God, come on, yes.
We do a Test duel says Have you seen
the thread with all the clips breaks you
Ojt Ah I don't break my ass at all You know
I don't break my ass in
nothing when this is already starting to be
Well, you did this. Well, you did this. Well, I did this.
I saw you one day in a doorway.
My father, my mother, such a piece of [ __ ] said
clearly high, thanks a lot Evil
chu beits For the thousand BS let's see, man, what
let him say whatever his balls feel like
You're still trending, I'm still trending.
Look how funny uncle How handsome of course
I remember yesterday when I was arguing with
Fernanda I told her, "It's you who is doing this."
putting you because you are crazy with
What is this going to end for?
splashing uncle, let's see, I don't do it either
What I can't do is pick up her phone and
Saying no and what I can't do
Neither Al jber, let's wait for Game Over
Javil Beira's uncle is the [ __ ] ch is
Damn, I'm going to bed, okay? Let's wait.
the Game over of jail see uncle you can me
leave me alone I'm here from
spectator say grab the other and say
Let's see calmly, the uncle, that is, me
I also have my share of
responsibility in this [ __ ] mess
because I am the first one who was there
warming up in the afternoon and then in the
night He already jumped through there in that
At that moment I was like, look, I don't want to.
know nothing it's Friday night I'm
calm down but what a serious coward or something
you started the movement
Good guy, Ruben starts this one off.
Ruben starts even though they already have it is that
of course you told me
that many other occasions it has been
involved with him I don't know what the whole thing is
not that one but this is a Movida in
concrete without caring about the previous ones
This Movida in particular starts it
Ruben if Ruben had criticized the
Sergio's video with the meeting and everything
roll and would not have insulted and all the
roll well ok but Ruben insults
the other the other two respond with
more insult have been heated because they
They want to do it before, that is to say,
conclusion is that eh the conclusion is
that have warmed up and were looking forward to
get hooked on whatever and they have
hooked on a nonsense and they were
wanting to release each other that they were
drugged That's my conclusion but
This morning I freaked out. Yes, but it happened yesterday.
some of this in the Oliveira Channel
was finishing his live show this morning
and is
short
suddenly Shortly after he was appointed
man
because because I think he got in
Ferranda to the Javi Oliveira Bueno Canal
That's me, that is, the one who came in yesterday
direct I didn't know who's channel it was
I went live but if I get the channel
by jav oliveira Well Javier's channel
oliveira and I was there talking for a while
of what I would be putting on Twitter and
I imagine that Javi Oliveira with good
criterion will have removed it because what
They are saying there were things
quite strong
you know I've removed it I've removed it for
nothing for I mean if he tells me and no
I take it off
The truth is that I get it, I spoke with both of them.
because I am
judge okay okay okay you are we are going to move on to
the last question Okay then I
flames
pet please don't interrupt me you me
flames Forgive me again I'll do it for you
say and in the
you are pueri you are pueri you are pueri you are
you are you are you are you are you are you are
you are ...
you are pui you are pu you are puii you are pu you are
pui are you pu are you er please don't me
you interrupt you call me Forgive me again
Maybe I'll tell you
er you call me again er you me
you call r please you are
are
[Music]
you are you are you are you are Fer you are Fer
you are you are you puer you are puer you are Fer
you are feri you are fi you are Fer you are Fer you are
Fer you are Fer you are Fer you are Fer you are Fer
you are fair you are
feri you are feri you are feri you are feri you are
ferii you are F you are fi you are fi you are
fi you are F you are F you are F you are F you are F
you are F you are F you are F you are F you are F
you are you are you are fi you are F you are firte you are
you are strong you are strong you are strong
you are strong you are Fer you are strong
to be to be to be to be
erererer you are a real fool, man
you are you are
F you are
F
you are you are F you are Fer you are Fer you are Fer d
you are Fer you are Fer you are Fer
you are er
[Music]
You are. Well, let's see how I played yesterday.
I spoke to both of them I spoke to both of them with
Fernanda and Rubn and I said, "Well, look."
Today is the day of David's live show
Santos you can see the fat part of your
direct with
Fernanda, seriously, seriously, let's see.
and How and how And why does David have that
Santos and why he has that David Santos
David
Santos 6 years ago
hours not in this
No
yesterday
You know what I told you the other day
chat discussions about what they do or
What the moderators fail to do is
very simple that no more is said Who
have any problems with the moderators
Someone write to me privately
that questions something you are thinking about
So why
please making me feel less Then I have
posted on Unet and he replied to that tweet
crazy
psychopath that there are people who have
unlinked from my partner for me etc.
we have seen that we have seen that
Of course, then it's a roll, I have things of
the ones I have said that I attest to because I have
I've seen the crazy psychopath thing and I don't know.
If you can give it, thank you very much.
Thank you very much. Good night.
true very good video of Macarena Olona
No, I don't want to ban people, nor do I want to
these things are, that is, to see the order
chronological
You have a war over this issue.
the law that he would have an opinion on one thing and you
another okay correct and he suddenly without
that you had had a previous war
He started in his live to say well
Pablo Iglesias likes anything
crazy psychopath And that thing basically does
And then you
tamb and he has answered you that utbh
many and many people have left
utbh has moved away because you
for you all because I am crazy and I am
a
psychopath Okay and start with the thing about the
cocaine and drug tests and so on yes
Well he said something about drug testing
and I don't believe that utbh that
the bride was live with me and
that utbh I wasn't seeing it, I didn't see it
believe
Well, if you want, tomorrow is in Madrid.
Well, if you pay me, I'll pay me.
I do host And why don't you do it?
but I don't understand what it is
wants to sue when you are both
fighting and you're saying stupid things to each other
on Twitter that's why I uploaded here is that
I told him I sent him the link I sent him
I have sent the link twice and I have told him
I stopped answering me on WhatsApp
and go up No because we are going to court
because I don't know what but he knows that a
judge not to see if you would have said
all those things and he's not H because he does say
Look, he's telling me that he pays you the
test and I Ruben goes up okay Okay then
pay me
Write to me, I'll pay for the test, but Rubn
go up and tell him here, it's that he has
uploaded she is not going to upload she is not going to upload
Ruben Spanish Thank you very much almost
great I've already told you I'm so sorry
what has happened sad face but
relieved on my part another day 5000
Vitaz, they had given David there.
eh just like here eh you give me 100
b and renew the member already 23 members
renew the members because they are already Se os
that is, renew the same members
that you have already done the damn thing
members
new you know what you
I said thanks but bad eh but bad good
Well, let's go, let's continue. Many
Thank you, thank you very much, but not so good.
You don't have to ask me for forgiveness, we are
People, I sometimes make mistakes too.
Like all the son turbi well no no no no now
He told her that he is not going to go up and says
Thanks for psychopathy and all that.
psychopath is true uncle has stayed in
the air about the subject of the suits or rather
Fer hinted that the
Ruben was buying a suit at the court
English made a little video or a meeting or
whatever it was and then it
I used to piss myself on the internet, dude.
The internet is the best thing that has ever happened to me.
life man so I don't think it's going up anymore
but he knows about this
See, what I'm telling you in court is
These are the things about YouTubers when
They have said things to each other and damn it
Well, it's not that I'm not going, no, but no, no.
No no no Javi you have nothing that you
You don't understand anything. Neither do I. He doesn't know.
Okay, he is a person who knows
much of what he talks about is
A very knowledgeable person is a person
very respectable also within the environment
legislative in this country Then
we should not question
nothing that is worth good opportunity
the the opportunity to talk to you
here to clarify things, you have had it and and
and I have told him a thousand times to come up but
no no he didn't want to I don't understand why
That's it, I don't know. I don't decide either.
Of nothing that I have said that yes
wants me tomorrow
write I take a drug test with
he'll probably give me something
joints that I sometimes take a drag on
it doesn't happen
nothing is very bad eh It is very bad I have not
said sometimes you know not to see bad is
do it
a lot do it a little also do it a little
little too good s is very bad but
I also smoke and that is very ugly too
and everything, but tomorrow then go
let's see what we have agreed on, he doesn't
wants we have not agreed on anything or that is me
tea
I say want I do it wait I'll go to him
ask what we have agreed on then
Ruben What are we doing if he invites me?
I
I'm going tomorrow and I'm not going to put it on.
everything is so surreal uncle me
Imagine what would have happened if the
Ruben H would have gone up
Uncle, if Ruben had come out,
Rubius was going to say if Rubn had
uploaded would have been the bomb Eh no the
They have done no in the end they have not done it
But why haven't they done it Javi eres?
Judge Javi, you are a judge, uncle, come up, Rubn and I
go up and
And but why, why haven't they done it?
In the end, what a past has my face been in
direct I hope not no Clear you have me
put the camera Well I have put you I
Tomorrow the three of us will take a test
drugs I pay for them
and me
piro Ok He comes alone to do his job
which are tests of
drugs I answered him because Ok then
Tomorrow tell me I'm going to give a hug
Ruben, a hug
pisa is a big guy he is a big guy
that is that to
writing
tomorrow what plan if the plan is
doing with you who is in Seville
Until tomorrow my star in the sky
You have plans tomorrow, man. Of course, yes.
I have a life, I'm going to give it to you
I'm going to tell you what time you have
stayed By
true Ask him why it is I don't know
so I find out ask him the time and the
site and then send it to me by
WhatsApp
please
crazy or psychopathic things these of the
youtubers when things have been said
mutually I think the most logical thing would be
that you should have on this channel about the
suits from the English cut have me very
worried that
topic I That suit that suit no Or that is that
I wouldn't leave that topic there.
air eh
Ivan, I wouldn't let that topic go.
I think it's a very important topic, I think.
that tomorrow will surely be a trend
theme of the costumes the costumes of the Jer
Jer is not called not the suits of
Jer a lot of little suits here and there
that looks like a pinipon in all the
These speeches he gives And now what?
who pays for that?
I brought the government my taxes, damn it
is it in Seville or Malaga? Yes yes but
You see, you have plans tomorrow, of course.
Yes, what a bastard he is, what a bastard Javi is, huh?
Javi, how do you handle these situations?
friend breaks your
chicken break your chicken eh break your chicken
Gentlemen, break your chicken
[Laughs]
Okay, cheers and turulo
collective
My goodness, I make jokes about
I'm going to give them a lifetime
I'm going to tell you what time you have
stayed By
true Ask him I don't know so I
whole ask him the time and place and
Then I tell you the time and place. Hey, I'm done.
to decide aiden I don't know if he's here
Aiden but Aiden I just decided that
We are going to have this conversation with Fer
recover we are going to go up
Okay, I just decided, what do you think?
I would think it was a
jewel that this does not
We're going to get this back, Aiden.
Look, in fact, I'm going to give it to you now.
return to the original in the
direct Where can I send you a tweet
so that it
See, send it to me, send it to me at the supermarket
chat and I give it to him
click in fact we are going to give recover
Hey, it's too cool to get lost.
Yes yes yes it is that having it up there to see
It's here on YouTube, that is, on YouTube.
I give it to him here and tell him to recover the
original and for tomorrow more or less
will be not to
see Editor
man is that conversation like the
we are going to
lose Return to video
original Return to video
original Javi you are a judge Javi you are a judge
Javi Javi Javi Javi Javi you are a judge
family see you tomorrow Okay See you
tomorrow at the same time as always
A little earlier on telesalseo we
We'll see you at 8.
tomorrow video on the main channel very
handsome very very very very handsome
and we'll see what sauce we have for
tomorrow
okay okay okay okay and you are we are going to
Skip the last question. Okay then.
called me
pet please don't interrupt me
You call me Forgive me again I'll tell you
say you are door you are door you are
door aes you are door you are door you are
door
aes you are Fer you are Fer you are Fer you are Fer
you are Fer you are Fer you are Fer you are F for
Please don't interrupt me, you call me
Forgive me again I'm going to tell you
speaks
you are LL another
you see me
you call r please you are
[Music]
[Applause]
Judges you are door you are door you are you are
puer you are door vi you are door AB you are
puer you are puer you are door vi you are
door you are puer you are puer you are puer
you are puer you are pueri you are
pueri you are puer you are pueri you are pueri
you are pueri you are you are pueri you are pueri
are
pueri you are you are you are you are you arei
you are F you are F you are F you are F you are F you are
F you are fi you are fi you are F er
you are you are you are
you are you are very stupid
uncle
er
[Music]
you are you are you are
are
you are you are you are F